% Options for packages loaded elsewhere
\PassOptionsToPackage{unicode}{hyperref}
\PassOptionsToPackage{hyphens}{url}
\documentclass[
]{article}
\usepackage{xcolor}
\usepackage[margin=1in]{geometry}
\usepackage{amsmath,amssymb}
\setcounter{secnumdepth}{-\maxdimen} % remove section numbering
\usepackage{iftex}
\ifPDFTeX
  \usepackage[T1]{fontenc}
  \usepackage[utf8]{inputenc}
  \usepackage{textcomp} % provide euro and other symbols
\else % if luatex or xetex
  \usepackage{unicode-math} % this also loads fontspec
  \defaultfontfeatures{Scale=MatchLowercase}
  \defaultfontfeatures[\rmfamily]{Ligatures=TeX,Scale=1}
\fi
\usepackage{lmodern}
\ifPDFTeX\else
  % xetex/luatex font selection
\fi
% Use upquote if available, for straight quotes in verbatim environments
\IfFileExists{upquote.sty}{\usepackage{upquote}}{}
\IfFileExists{microtype.sty}{% use microtype if available
  \usepackage[]{microtype}
  \UseMicrotypeSet[protrusion]{basicmath} % disable protrusion for tt fonts
}{}
\makeatletter
\@ifundefined{KOMAClassName}{% if non-KOMA class
  \IfFileExists{parskip.sty}{%
    \usepackage{parskip}
  }{% else
    \setlength{\parindent}{0pt}
    \setlength{\parskip}{6pt plus 2pt minus 1pt}}
}{% if KOMA class
  \KOMAoptions{parskip=half}}
\makeatother
\usepackage{graphicx}
\makeatletter
\newsavebox\pandoc@box
\newcommand*\pandocbounded[1]{% scales image to fit in text height/width
  \sbox\pandoc@box{#1}%
  \Gscale@div\@tempa{\textheight}{\dimexpr\ht\pandoc@box+\dp\pandoc@box\relax}%
  \Gscale@div\@tempb{\linewidth}{\wd\pandoc@box}%
  \ifdim\@tempb\p@<\@tempa\p@\let\@tempa\@tempb\fi% select the smaller of both
  \ifdim\@tempa\p@<\p@\scalebox{\@tempa}{\usebox\pandoc@box}%
  \else\usebox{\pandoc@box}%
  \fi%
}
% Set default figure placement to htbp
\def\fps@figure{htbp}
\makeatother
\ifLuaTeX
  \usepackage{luacolor}
  \usepackage[soul]{lua-ul}
\else
  \usepackage{soul}
\fi
% definitions for citeproc citations
\NewDocumentCommand\citeproctext{}{}
\NewDocumentCommand\citeproc{mm}{%
  \begingroup\def\citeproctext{#2}\cite{#1}\endgroup}
\makeatletter
 % allow citations to break across lines
 \let\@cite@ofmt\@firstofone
 % avoid brackets around text for \cite:
 \def\@biblabel#1{}
 \def\@cite#1#2{{#1\if@tempswa , #2\fi}}
\makeatother
\newlength{\cslhangindent}
\setlength{\cslhangindent}{1.5em}
\newlength{\csllabelwidth}
\setlength{\csllabelwidth}{3em}
\newenvironment{CSLReferences}[2] % #1 hanging-indent, #2 entry-spacing
 {\begin{list}{}{%
  \setlength{\itemindent}{0pt}
  \setlength{\leftmargin}{0pt}
  \setlength{\parsep}{0pt}
  % turn on hanging indent if param 1 is 1
  \ifodd #1
   \setlength{\leftmargin}{\cslhangindent}
   \setlength{\itemindent}{-1\cslhangindent}
  \fi
  % set entry spacing
  \setlength{\itemsep}{#2\baselineskip}}}
 {\end{list}}
\usepackage{calc}
\newcommand{\CSLBlock}[1]{\hfill\break\parbox[t]{\linewidth}{\strut\ignorespaces#1\strut}}
\newcommand{\CSLLeftMargin}[1]{\parbox[t]{\csllabelwidth}{\strut#1\strut}}
\newcommand{\CSLRightInline}[1]{\parbox[t]{\linewidth - \csllabelwidth}{\strut#1\strut}}
\newcommand{\CSLIndent}[1]{\hspace{\cslhangindent}#1}
\setlength{\emergencystretch}{3em} % prevent overfull lines
\providecommand{\tightlist}{%
  \setlength{\itemsep}{0pt}\setlength{\parskip}{0pt}}
\usepackage{helvet}
\renewcommand*\familydefault{\sfdefault}
\usepackage{setspace}
\doublespacing
\usepackage[left]{lineno}
\linenumbers
\usepackage{booktabs}
\usepackage{longtable}
\usepackage{array}
\usepackage{multirow}
\usepackage{wrapfig}
\usepackage{float}
\usepackage{placeins}
\usepackage{colortbl}
\usepackage{pdflscape}
\usepackage{tabu}
\usepackage{threeparttable}
\usepackage{threeparttablex}
\usepackage[normalem]{ulem}
\usepackage{makecell}
\usepackage{xcolor}
\usepackage{caption}
\usepackage[labelformat=empty]{caption}
\usepackage{multirow}
\usepackage{multicol}
\usepackage{colortbl}
\usepackage{hhline}
\newlength\Oldarrayrulewidth
\newlength\Oldtabcolsep
\usepackage{longtable}
\usepackage{array}
\usepackage{hyperref}
\usepackage{float}
\usepackage{wrapfig}
\usepackage{bookmark}
\IfFileExists{xurl.sty}{\usepackage{xurl}}{} % add URL line breaks if available
\urlstyle{same}
\hypersetup{
  pdftitle={Host Turkey B-cell Transcriptomics During THEV Infection Highlights Upregulated Cell Death and Breakdown Pathways That May Mediate Immunosuppression},
  hidelinks,
  pdfcreator={LaTeX via pandoc}}

\title{Host Turkey B-cell Transcriptomics During THEV Infection
Highlights Upregulated Cell Death and Breakdown Pathways That May
Mediate Immunosuppression}
\author{}
\date{\vspace{-2.5em}}

\begin{document}
\maketitle

\vspace{5mm}

Abraham Quaye\({^\dagger}\)\textsuperscript{,a}, Brett E.
Pickett\textsuperscript{a}, Joel S. Griffitts\textsuperscript{a},
Bradford K. Berges\textsuperscript{a}, Brian D.
Poole\textsuperscript{a,*}

\vspace{5mm}

\textsuperscript{a}Department of Microbiology and Molecular Biology,
Brigham Young University\\
\({^\dagger}\)Primary Author\\
\textsuperscript{*}Corresponding Author

\vspace{5mm}

\textbf{Corresponding Author Information}\\
\href{mailto:brian_poole@byu.edu}{\nolinkurl{brian\_poole@byu.edu}}\\
Department of Microbiology and Molecular Biology,\\
4007 Life Sciences Building (LSB),\\
Brigham Young University,\\
Provo, Utah\\

\newpage

\subsection{ABSTRACT}\label{abstract}

\newpage

\subsection{INTRODUCTION}\label{introduction}

Turkey hemorrhagic enteritis virus (THEV), belonging to the family
\emph{Adenoviridae}, genus \emph{Siadenovirus}, infects turkeys,
chickens, and pheasants (1, 2). Infecting its hosts via the feco-oral
route, THEV causes hemorrhagic enteritis (HE) in turkeys, a debilitating
disease affecting predominantly 6-12-week-old turkey poults
characterized by immunosuppression (IMS), depression, splenomegaly,
intestinal lesions leading to bloody droppings, and up to 80\% mortality
(3--6). The clinical disease usually persists in affected flocks for
about 7-10 days. However, secondary bacterial infections may extend the
duration of illness and mortality for an additional 2-3 weeks due to the
immunosuppressive nature of the virus, exacerbating the economic losses
(5, 7). Low pathogenic (avirulent) strains of THEV have been isolated,
which show subclinical infections but retain the immunosuppressive
effects. Since its isolation from a pheasant spleen, the Virginia
Avirulent Strain (VAS) has been used effectively as a live vaccine
despite the immunosuppressive side-effects, but the vaccinated birds are
rendered more susceptible to opportunistic infections and death than
unvaccinated cohorts leading to significant economic losses (4, 5,
8--10).

It is well-established that THEV primarily infects and replicates in
turkey B-cells of the bursa and spleen and somewhat in macrophages,
inducing apoptosis and necrosis. Consequently, a significant drop in
number of B-cells (specifically, IgM+ B-cells) and macrophages ensue
along with increased T-cell counts with abnormal T-cell subpopulation
(CD4+ and CD8+) ratios. The cell death seen in the B-cells and
macrophages is generally proposed as the major cause of THEV-induced IMS
as both humoral and cell-mediated immunity are impaired (5, 6, 8, 11).
It is also thought that the virus replication in the spleen attracts
T-cells and peripheral blood macrophages to the spleen where the T-cells
are activated by cytokines from activated macrophages and vice versa.
The activated T-cells undergo clonal expansion and secrete interferons:
type I (IFN-\(\alpha\) and IFN-\(\beta\)) and type II (IFN-\(\gamma\))
as well as tumor necrosis factor (TNF) while activated macrophages
secrete interleukin 6 (IL-6), TNF, and nitric oxide (NO), an antiviral
agent with immunosuppressive properties. The inflammatory cytokines
released by T-cells and macrophages (e.g., TNF and IL-6) may also induce
apoptosis in bystander splenocytes, exacerbating the already numerous
apoptotic and necrotic splenocytes, culminating in IMS (8, 11) (see
\textbf{Figure 1}). However, the precise molecular mechanisms of
THEV-induced IMS or pathways involved are poorly understood (6).
Elucidating the specific mechanisms and pathways of THEV-induced IMS is
the most crucial step in THEV research as it will present a means of
mitigating the IMS.

Next generation sequencing (NGS) is a groundbreaking technology that has
significantly enhanced our understanding of DNA and RNA structure and
function and facilitated exceptional advancements in all domains of
biology and the Life Sciences (12). mRNA sequencing (RNA-seq), an NGS
approach to transcriptomic studies, is a versatile, high throughput, and
cost-effective technology that allows a broad scan of the entire
transcriptome, thereby uncovering the active genes and molecular
pathways and processes. This technology has been leveraged in an ever
increasing number of studies to elucidate active cellular processes
under a wide range of treatment conditions, including the
transcriptomics of viral infections (12--16). In RNA-seq studies,
differentially expressed genes (DEGs) identified under different
experimental conditions are key to unlocking the interesting biology or
mechanism under study. Identified DEGs are typically used for functional
enrichment analysis in large curated knowledgebases which connect genes
to specific biological processes, functions, and pathways such as gene
ontology (GO) and Kyoto Encyclopedia of Genes and Genomes (KEGG)
pathways, shedding light on the biological question under study (17,
18).

To the best of our knowledge, no study has leveraged the wealth of
information offered by RNA-seq to elucidate the molecular mechanisms and
pathways leading to THEV-induced IMS. To effectively counteract the
immunosupressive effect of the vaccine, it is essential to unravel the
host cell mechanisms/pathways influenced by the virus to bring about
IMS. In this study, we present the first transcriptomic profile of
THEV-infected cells using paired-end RNA-seq in a turkey B-cell line
(MDTC-RP19), highlighting key host genes, cellular/molecular processes
and pathways affected during a THEV infection. We specifically focus on
cellular processes that would help in elucidating THEV-induced IMS. Our
RNA-seq yielded 149 bp long high quality (mean PHRED Score of 36)
sequences from each end of cDNA fragments, which were mapped to the
genome of domestic turkey (\emph{Meleagris gallopavo}). \newpage

\subsection{RESULTS}\label{results}

\textbf{Sequencing Results}\\
To identify the host transcriptome profile during THEV infection,
MDTC-RP19 cells were THEV-infected or mock-infected in triplicates or
duplicates, respectively, and harvested at 4-, 12-, 24-, and 72-hours
post infection (hpi). mRNAs extracted from mock- or THEV-infected cells
were sequenced on the Illumina platform, yielding a total of
\textbf{776.1} million raw reads (149 bp in length) across all samples
(statistics for the sequencing reads obtained from each RNA library are
presented in \textbf{Table 1}). After trimming off low-quality reads,
the remaining \textbf{742.8} million total paired-end trimmed reads
(approximately, \textbf{34.7}-\textbf{47.9} million reads per sample)
were mapped to the genome of \emph{Meleagris gallopavo} obtained from
the National Center for Biotechnology Information (NCBI). The percentage
of reads mapping to the host genome across all samples ranged from
\textbf{32.4}-\textbf{89.2}\%. Although our sequencing reads have
excellent quality scores at all time points (see \textbf{Table 1}), the
DEGs identified at 4- and 72-hpi did not yield any results in the
functional enrichment analyses (i.e, GO term and KEGG pathway analysis);
hence, they were excluded from all subsequent analyses. In the remaining
samples from 12- and 24-hpi, a high correlation was seen between
biological replicates (\textbf{Figure 2A} and \textbf{B}).

\textbf{DEGs of THEV-infected Versus Mock-infected Cells}

Gene expression levels were estimated with the StringTie software (19)
in Fragments per kilobase of transcript per million (FPKM) units. The
analysis of DEGs was performed with the DESeq2 R package (20) which
employs negative binomial distribution model for read count comparisons.
Using a P\textsubscript{adjusted}-value cutoff \(\leq\) 0.05 as the
inclusion criteria, a total of \textbf{2,343} and \textbf{3,295} genes
were identified as differentially expressed at 12-hpi and 24-hpi,
respectively. \st{The DEG analyses results at 12 and 24-hpi are
presented in \textbf{Supplementary Tables 1 and 2}, respectively}. At
12-hpi, \textbf{1,079} genes were upregulated and \textbf{1,264} genes
downregulated, whereas \textbf{1,512} genes were upregulated and
\textbf{1,783} genes downregulated at 24-hpi (\textbf{Figure 2C}, and
\textbf{Figure 3A-C}). The log\textsubscript{2}fold-change(FC) values at
12-hpi ranged between \textbf{-1.4} and +\textbf{1.7} for
\textbf{TMEM156} (Transmembrane Protein 156) and \textbf{LIPG} (Lipase
G), respectively. At 24-hpi, the log\textsubscript{2}FC values ranged
between \textbf{-2.0} and +\textbf{2.6} for \textbf{C1QTNF12} (C1q And
TNF Related 12) and \textbf{KCNG1} (Potassium Voltage-Gated Channel
Modifier Subfamily G Member 1), respectively.

\textbf{Functional Enrichment Analyses (GO, KEGG pathway, and
interaction network analyses)}\\
Gene ontology (GO) enrichment analysis was performed for 12- and 24-hpi
DEGs with the DAVID (Database for Annotation, Visualization and
Integrated Discovery; version 2021) online resource (21) and the
gprofiler2 R package -- version \textbf{0.2.3} (22), which output
results in three GO categories -- cellular components (CP), biological
processes (BP), and molecular functions (MF). Results with
P\textsubscript{adjusted}-value \(\leq\) 0.05 were considered
functionally enriched. The GO enrichment analyses results at 12-hpi and
24-hpi showed significant intersections among all three GO categories.
At both time points, cellular breakdown processes were upregulated while
cellular maintenance processes and structures were downregulated in all
three GO categories (\textbf{Table 2A-B} and \textbf{Table 3A-B}).

For upregulated DEGs at 12-hpi, GO terms annotated under the BP category
broadly cluster into: apoptosis and autophagy, cellular metabolism
(catabolic processes), sterol biosynthesis, response to stimuli, and
protein processing (\textbf{Figure 4A} and \textbf{Table 2A}). Under the
CC category, the GO terms relate primarily with cytoplasmic vacuolation
while the GO terms under the MF category broadly fit under protein
binding and kinase activity (\textbf{Table 2A}). For 12-hpi
downregulated DEGs, the GO terms in BP category generally fall under:
translation, protein biosynthesis and folding, ribosome biogenesis,
nitrogen compound metabolism, nucleic acid synthesis, repair,
metabolism, processing, and replication; and energy metabolism. Also,
immunoglobulin production and isotype switching was downregulated
(\textbf{Figure 4C} and \textbf{Table 2B}). As for the CC category GO
terms, they broadly group into: ribosome, mitochondria, respirosome,
nucleus, and spliceosome while the MF category GO terms generally belong
to: translation regulator activity, protein folding chaperone, catalytic
activity (acting on a nucleic acids), and ATP hydrolysis activity
(\textbf{Table 2B}).

At 24-hpi, the GO terms under the BP GO category for the upregulated
DEGs are connected with: apoptosis and autophagy, lipid and sterol
biosynthesis, catabolic process, protein ubiquitination and proteolysis,
cell signalling, and cell metabolism. Additionally, host defense
response and genes that negatively regulate cytokine production were
upregulated (\textbf{Figure 4B} and \textbf{Table 3A}). The GO terms of
the CC category, similar to those identified at 12-hpi, are also related
with cytoplasmic vacuolation and the lysosome. The MF category GO terms
group into: protein ubiquitination activity, kinase and acyltransferase
activity, and macromolecule binding activity (\textbf{Table 3A}). The GO
terms for the downregulated DEGs are markedly similar to those at 12-hpi
in all three GO categories. The BP category GO terms broadly group into:
translation, peptide biosynthesis and folding, ribosome biogenesis,
aerobic respiration and ATP synthesis, and cell cycle process and
nucleic acid replication and processing (\textbf{Figure 4D} and
\textbf{Table 3B}). The GO terms of the CC category group under:
ribosome, mitochondrion, nucleus and chromosomes while the MF category
GO terms group into: structural constituent of ribosome and translation
regulator activity, catalytic activity acting on a nucleic acid and
nucleic acid binding, aminoacyl-tRNA ligase activity, and NAD binding
(\textbf{Table 3B}).

KEGG pathway analysis on the DEGs was also performed using both the
gprofiler2 R package (22) and the DAVID online resource. Both analysis
resources gave similar results but the results from DAVID (\textbf{Table
4A}) includes more information than the gprofiler2 results
(\textbf{Table 4B}). The KEGG pathway analysis was congruent with the GO
results, revealing that generally, cell maintenance and upkeep pathways
were downregulated while cell death and breakdown pathways were
upregulated. Cell maintenance pathways such as DNA replication and
repair, ribosome biogenesis, spliceosome, and oxidative phosphorylation
were downregulated at 12-hpi. Similar pathways were downregulated at
24-hpi. Pathways such as: autophagy, response to virus (Influenza A),
and steroid biosynthesis were upregulated at 12-hpi similar to 24-hpi,
where pathways such as: autophagy, ubiquitin-mediated proteolysis,
lysosome, protein processing in endoplasmic reticulum, and steroid
biosynthesis were upregulated.

It is well-established that THEV induces cell death (apoptosis and
necrosis) in infected B-cells, which is linked to THEV-induced IMS (8,
11, 23). Hence, we are particularly interested in cellular processes and
pathways associated with cell death and pathways that may affect the
survivability of the host B-cells, thereby accounting for THEV-induced
IMS. We highlight the upregulated cell death (apoptosis and autophagy)
pathways and responses to stimuli (especially the ubiquitin-dependent
endoplasmic reticulum {[}ER{]}-related protein degradation) pathways
identified by our GO and KEGG analyses as the likely key aspects of
THEV-host cell interaction relevant to THEV-induced IMS.

\textbf{Cell Death and Breakdown Pathways Upregulated by THEV}\\
Many virus families, including adenoviruses, herpesviruses, poxviruses,
baculoviruses, parvoviruses, retroviruses, rhabdoviruses,
pararmyxoviruses, orthomyxoviruses, togaviruses, and picornaviruses are
known to trigger apoptosis in infected host cells either by a direct
action of a viral protein or due to the host antiviral response
(24--26). The Mastadenovirus family possess the protein, E1B-19K, used
to inhibit host cell apoptosis long enough to complete their replication
cycle (24, 26, 27). However, no such protein is known in THEV. A recent
paper showed several novel transcripts and open reading frames (ORFs) in
the genome of THEV which may offer similar anti-apoptotic functions but
the functions of these novel ORFs are yet to be studied (28). Our data
show that apoptotic and autophagic pathways are upregulated during THEV
infection, supporting previous findings of apoptosis and necrosis of
THEV-infected cells (8, 11, 23). For example, several proapoptotic
members of the BCL2 (B-cell lymphoma 2) protein family such as: BCL2
antagonist/killer 1 (BAK1), BCL2 interacting protein 3 like (BNIP3L),
BCL2 interacting protein 3 (BNIP3), and Bcl2 modifying factor (BMF) were
upregulated. Additionally, Fas cell surface death receptor (FAS), Fas
associated via death domain (FADD), MAP kinase-activating death domain
(MADD), programmed cell death 4(PDCD4), RB1 inducible coiled-coil 1
(RB1CC1), activating transcription factor 4 (ATF4), receptor interacting
serine/threonine kinase 1 (RIPK1), tumor necrosis factor receptor
superfamily member 1B (TNFRSF1B), pro-apoptotic WT1 regulator (PAWR),
and apoptotic peptidase activating factor 1 (APAF1), which are potent
proapoptotic factors were upregulated. Interestingly, both the intrinsic
(BAK1, BNIP3L, BNIP3, BMF, RB1CC1, ATF4, PDCD4, and APAF1) and extrinsic
(FAS, FADD, TNFRSF1B, MADD, and RIPK1) apoptotic pathways were
represented. Conversely, we noted that, several anti-apoptotic proteins
such as: BCL2 apoptosis regulator (BCL2), BCL2 interacting protein 2
(BNIP2; interacts directly with adenovirus E1B-19K protein), BCL2
related protein A1 (BCL2A1), and apoptosis inhibitor 5 (API5) were also
upregulated. Thus, apoptosis and its regulation pathways are clearly
upregulated; this likely highlights the host-virus tug-of-war and
underscores the ability of adenoviruses to trigger both apoptotic and
anti-apoptotic pathways as seen in Mastadenoviruses. Moreover, several
genes associated with autophagy such as: TNF receptor associated factor
6 (TRAF6), autophagy related 9A (ATG9A), unc-51 like autophagy
activating kinase 2 (ULK2), and autophagy related 4B cysteine peptidase
(ATG4B) were upregulated.

We also found several essential cell maintenance processes whose
downregulation can trigger apoptosis. For instance, severe DNA damage is
a known mechanism of apoptosis induction, which is called DNA
damage-dependent apoptosis (29). Repression of RNA and protein synthesis
are also strongly associated with apoptosis (30). Several processes
related nucleic acid (DNA and RNA) synthesis, maintenance, and repair
such as: nucleotide biosynthesis and metabolism, double strand break
repair, DNA excision repair, RNA biosynthesis, RNA processing, DNA
replication, mitotic cell cycle process, protein-RNA complex
organization, and DNA damage response were downregulated. Some notable
genes identified include: DNA ligase 1 (LIG1), X-ray repair cross
complementing 1 (XRCC1), cyclin dependent kinase 1 and 2 (CDK1, CDK2),
checkpoint kinase 1 (CHEK1), 8-oxoguanine DNA glycosylase (OGG1), BLM
RecQ-like-helicase (BLM), BRCA1 DNA repair associated (BRCA1), and
several RAD family proteins (RAD21, RAD51, RAD51B, RAD51C, RAD54B).
Additionally, protein-related processes including: ribosome biogenesis,
rRNA processing, ribosome assembly, protein folding, translational
initiation, protein maturation, ribosome and ribonucleoprotein complex
formation, translation pre-initiation complex formation, and cytoplasmic
translation were significantly downregulated. We identified notable
genes such as: eukaryotic translation initiation factors (EIF1, EIF1AX,
EIF3E and EIF3F, EIF3H, EIF3I, EIF3L and EIF3M), biogenesis of ribosomes
BRX1 (BRIX1), MCTS1 re-initiation and release factor (MCTS1), and
ribosomal protein subunits (L10a, L11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 18a, 19).

\textbf{Cellular Responses to Stimuli during THEV infection}\\
The transcriptome profile indicates that THEV infection likely induced
the ER‐associated protein degradation (ERAD) pathway. The ER is the
major site for protein synthesis, folding and quality control, and
sorting. It is also accommodates proteins and protein complexes
necessary for other cellular functions including innate immune signaling
and metabolism, and serves as the site for lipid biosynthesis (31). The
ERAD pathway, a ubiquitin‐proteasome‐dependent process, is a protein
quality control system primarily activated for degradation of unwanted
byproducts of protein biogenesis, such as misfolded and
unassembled/orphaned proteins (31). In our results, the THEV-infected
samples showed significant increase in ERAD pathway effector proteins
such as: valosin containing protein (VCP), ubiquitin recognition factor
in ER associated degradation 1 (UFD1), ER degradation enhancing
alpha-mannosidase like proteins 1 and 3 (EDEM1, EDEM3), cullin 1 (CUL1),
and ubiquilin 1 (UBQLN1). Our KEGG pathway (\textbf{Table 4B}) and GO
(\textbf{Figure 4B}) results indicate a significant upregulation of
ubiquitin mediated proteolysis with other ubiquitination pathway
proteins such as: ubiquitin conjugating enzymes (UBE2J2, UBE2E3, UBE2Z),
ubiquitin protein ligases (UBE3A, UBE3B), NPL4 homolog ubiquitin
recognition factor (NPLOC4), and ubiquitin like modifier activating
enzyme 6 (UBA6) showing significant upregulation. Additionally, the heat
shock family of chaperone proteins such as: DnaJ heat shock protein
family (Hsp40) members (DNAJB11, DNAJB12, DNAJB2, DNAJC10), heat shock
protein family A (Hsp70) members (HSPA4L, HSPA5, HSPA8), and heat shock
protein 90 alpha family class A member 1 (HSP90AA1) were upregulated.
Moreover, the KEGG pathway analysis (\textbf{Table 4A}) shows that a
significant upregulation in lysosomal degradation, likely an indication
of ER-to-lysosome-associated degradation. Taken together, these results
suggest that THEV infection triggers significant ER-associated protein
degradation, which may contribute to cell death.

\textbf{Cellular Metabolism Changes During THEV Infection}\\
Many viruses, such as hepatitis C virus, human cytomegalovirus,
influenza virus, and rhinovirus, have been documented to manipulate
cellular metabolism processes to their advantage (16). A common
consequence of infection by many viruses is to induce high glucose
metabolism in cells. Adenoviruses have also been shown to upregulate
energy metabolic pathways such as glycolysis (32). However, our results
show a downregulation in glycolysis, tricarboxylic acid cycle, oxidative
phosphorylation, and ATP synthesis (\textbf{Table 2B}). These results
indicate that THEV infection may modulate cellular energy metabolism
processes differently than other adenoviruses. \st{However, the
previously documented metabolic changes were seen in primary cells;
therefore, studies done with primary host cells would be required to
confirm this finding}.

\textbf{Validation of DEGs by Reverse Transcriptase Quantitative PCR
(RT-qPCR)}\\
To validate the RNA-seq results, 12 DEGs (6 upregulated and 5
downregulated) were selected for RT-qPCR. The DEGs were representative
of apoptosis (\ldots), ERAD and ubiquitination (\ldots), and ribosome
biosynthetic (\ldots) pathways. As shown in \st{\textbf{Figure 5}, the
RT-qPCR results corroborate the RNA-seq results, further reinforcing the
validity of the RNA-seq transcriptomic profile results.} \newpage

\subsection{DISCUSSION}\label{discussion}

We may not have seen a measurable immune response/pathway enrichment in
the infected host cells because the these B-cells may likely require
other immune cells such as macrophages and T-cells for activation/mount
an immune response. Also, those cytokine measurement were recorded in
cell culture or splenocytes (not just B cells). Additionally, cytokines
may not play a dominant role in THEV-induced IMS since TNF-blocking drug
(thalidomide) only prevented intestinal disease not immunosuppression,
suggesting that the mechanism of IMS and intestinal disease are
distinct. Secondly, the curated data in the GO, and KEGG databases are
most complete for human and other model organisms; hence, there may not
be enough information curated for turkeys to highlight the anything that
is not very strong immune response. \newpage

\subsection{CONCLUSIONS}\label{conclusions}

\newpage

\subsection{MATERIALS AND METHODS}\label{materials-and-methods}

\textbf{Cell culture and THEV Infection}\\
The Turkey B-cell line (MDTC-RP19, ATCC CRL-8135) was grown as a
suspension culture in 1:1 complete Leibovitz's L-15/McCoy's 5A medium
with 10\% fetal bovine serum (FBS), 20\% chicken serum (ChS), 5\%
tryptose phosphate broth (TPB), and 1\% antibiotic solution (100 U/mL
Penicillin and 100\(\mu g\)/mL Streptomycin), at 41\textsuperscript{o}C
in a humidified atmosphere with 5\% CO\textsubscript{2}. Infected cells
were maintained in 1:1 serum-reduced Leibovitz's L15/McCoy's 5A media
(SRLM) with 2.5\% FBS, 5\% ChS, 1.2\% TPB, and 1\% antibiotic solution.
A commercially available THEV vaccine was purchased from Hygieia
Biological Labs (VAS strain). The stock virus was titrated using an
in-house qPCR assay with titer expressed as genome copy number (GCN)/mL,
similar to Mahshoub \emph{et al} (33). Cells were THEV-infected or
mock-infected in triplicates or duplicates, respectively at a
multiplicity of infection (MOI) of 100 GCN/cell, incubated at
41\textsuperscript{o}C for 1 hour, and washed three times with phosphate
buffered saline (PBS) to get rid of free virus particles. At each time
point (4-, 12-, 24-, and 72-hpi), triplicate (THEV-infected) and
duplicate (mock-infected) samples were harvested for total RNA
extraction.

\textbf{RNA extraction and Sequencing}\\
Total RNA was extracted from infected cells using the Thermofisher
RNAqueous™-4PCR Total RNA Isolation Kit (which includes a DNase I
digestion step) per manufacturer's instructions. An agarose gel
electrophoresis was performed to check RNA integrity. The RNA quantity
and purity was initially assessed using nanodrop, and RNA was used only
if the A260/A280 ratio was 2.0 ± 0.05 and the A260/A230 ratio was
\textgreater2 and \textless2.2. Extracted total RNA samples were sent to
LC Sciences, Houston TX for poly-A-tailed mRNA sequencing. RNA integrity
was checked with Agilent Technologies 2100 Bioanalyzer High Sensitivity
DNA Chip and poly(A) RNA-seq library was prepared following Illumina's
TruSeq-stranded-mRNA sample preparation protocol. Paired-end sequencing,
generating 150 bp reads was performed on the Illumina NovaSeq 6000
sequencing system. The paired-end 150bp sequences obtained during this
study and all expression data have been submitted to the Gene Expression
Omnibus database, under accession no \#\#\#\#\#\#\#

\textbf{Quality Control and Mapping Process}\\
Sequencing reads were processed following a well-established protocol
described by Pertea \emph{et al} (19), using Snakemake - version 7.32.4
(34), a popular workflow management system to drive the pipeline.
Briefly, raw sequencing reads were trimmed with Cutadapt - version 1.10
(35) and the quality of trimmed reads evaluated using the FastQC
software, version 0.12.1 (Bioinformatics Group at the Babraham
Institute, Cambridge, United Kingdom;
www.bioinformatics.babraham.ac.uk), achieving an overall Mean Sequence
Quality (PHRED Score) of 36. Trimmed reads were mapped the reference
\emph{Meleagris gallopavo} genome
(\url{https://ftp.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/genomes/all/GCF/000/146/605/GCF_000146605.3_Turkey_5.1/GCF_000146605.3_Turkey_5.1_genomic.fna.gz})
with Hisat2 - version 2.2.1 (19) using the accompanying gene transfer
format (GTF) annotation file
(\url{https://ftp.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/genomes/all/GCF/000/146/605/GCF_000146605.3_Turkey_5.1/GCF_000146605.3_Turkey_5.1_genomic.gtf.gz})
to build a genomic index. Samtools - version 1.19.2 was used to convert
the output Sequence Alignment Map (SAM) file to the more manageable
Binary Alignment Map (BAM) format. The StringTie (v2.2.1) software (19),
set to expression estimation mode was used to generate normalized gene
expression estimates from the BAM files for genes in the reference GTF
file after which the prepDE.py3 script was used to extract read count
information from the StringTie gene expression files, providing an
expression-count matrix for downstream DEG analysis.

\textbf{DEG Analysis and Functional Enrichment Analysis}\\
DEG analysis between mock- and THEV-infected samples was performed using
the very popular DESeq2 (20), which employs a Negative Binomial
distribution model for read count comparisons. Genes with
P\textsubscript{adjusted}-value \(\leq\) 0.05 were considered as
differentially expressed. The read count data are deposited at Gene
Expression Omnibus (GEO) under accession number \#\#\#. The functional
profiling of DEGs (GO and KEGG analyses) were performed based on GO
databases and KEGG databases using the R package gprofiler2 (22) with
\emph{Meleagris gallopavo} as the reference organism. Results with
P\textsubscript{adjusted}-value \(\leq\) 0.05 were included as
functionally enriched. Additionally, the DAVID (Database for Annotation,
Visualization and Integrated Discovery; version 2021) online analysis
tool was used for KEGG pathway analysis. All visualization plots were
made using ggplot2, pheatmap, and ggvenn R packages (36--38).

\textbf{Validation of DEGs by Reverse Transcriptase Quantitative PCR
(RT-qPCR)}

\textbf{Statistical Analysis} \newpage

\subsection{DATA AVAILABILITY}\label{data-availability}

\newpage

\subsection{CODE AVAILABILITY}\label{code-availability}

\newpage

\subsection{ACKNOWLEDGMENTS}\label{acknowledgments}

\newpage

\subsection{REFERENCES}\label{references}

\setlength{\parindent}{-0.25in}
\setlength{\leftskip}{0.25in}

\noindent

\phantomsection\label{refs}
\begin{CSLReferences}{0}{1}
\bibitem[\citeproctext]{ref-Harrach2008}
\CSLLeftMargin{1. }%
\CSLRightInline{Harrach B. 2008.
\href{https://doi.org/10.1016/B978-012374410-4.00680-4}{Adenoviruses:
General features}, p. 1--9. \emph{In} Mahy, BWJ, Van Regenmortel, MHV
(eds.), Encyclopedia of virology (third edition). Book Section. Academic
Press, Oxford.}

\bibitem[\citeproctext]{ref-Davison2003}
\CSLLeftMargin{2. }%
\CSLRightInline{Davison A, Benko M, Harrach B. 2003.
\href{https://doi.org/10.1099/vir.0.19497-0}{Genetic content and
evolution of adenoviruses}. The Journal of general virology
84:2895--908.}

\bibitem[\citeproctext]{ref-Gross1967}
\CSLLeftMargin{3. }%
\CSLRightInline{Gross WB, Moore WE. 1967. Hemorrhagic enteritis of
turkeys. Avian Dis 11:296--307.}

\bibitem[\citeproctext]{ref-Beach2006}
\CSLLeftMargin{4. }%
\CSLRightInline{Beach NM. 2006.
\href{http://scholar.lib.vt.edu/theses/available/etd-08142006-145339/}{Characterization
of avirulent turkey hemorrhagic enteritis virus: A study of the
molecular basis for variation in virulence and the occurrence of
persistent infection}. Thesis.}

\bibitem[\citeproctext]{ref-Dhama2017}
\CSLLeftMargin{5. }%
\CSLRightInline{Dhama K, Gowthaman V, Karthik K, Tiwari R, Sachan S,
Kumar MA, Palanivelu M, Malik YS, Singh RK, Munir M. 2017.
\href{https://doi.org/10.1080/01652176.2016.1277281}{Haemorrhagic
enteritis of turkeys -- current knowledge}. Veterinary Quarterly
37:31--42.}

\bibitem[\citeproctext]{ref-Tykaowski2019}
\CSLLeftMargin{6. }%
\CSLRightInline{Tykałowski B, Śmiałek M, Koncicki A, Ognik K, Zduńczyk
Z, Jankowski J. 2019.
\href{https://doi.org/10.1186/s12917-019-2138-8}{The immune response of
young turkeys to haemorrhagic enteritis virus infection at different
levels and sources of methionine in the diet}. BMC Veterinary Research
15.}

\bibitem[\citeproctext]{ref-Pierson2008}
\CSLLeftMargin{7. }%
\CSLRightInline{Pierson F, Fitzgerald S. 2008. Hemorrhagic enteritis and
related infections. Diseases of Poultry 276--286.}

\bibitem[\citeproctext]{ref-Rautenschlein2000}
\CSLLeftMargin{8. }%
\CSLRightInline{Rautenschlein S, Sharma JM. 2000.
\href{https://doi.org/10.1016/s0145-305x(99)00075-0}{Immunopathogenesis
of haemorrhagic enteritis virus (HEV) in turkeys}. Dev Comp Immunol
24:237--46.}

\bibitem[\citeproctext]{ref-Larsen1985}
\CSLLeftMargin{9. }%
\CSLRightInline{Larsen CT, Domermuth CH, Sponenberg DP, Gross WB. 1985.
Colibacillosis of turkeys exacerbated by hemorrhagic enteritis virus.
Laboratory studies. Avian Dis 29:729--32.}

\bibitem[\citeproctext]{ref-Beach2009a}
\CSLLeftMargin{10. }%
\CSLRightInline{Beach NM, Duncan RB, Larsen CT, Meng XJ, Sriranganathan
N, Pierson FW. 2009.
\href{https://doi.org/10.1637/8575-010509-reg.1}{Persistent infection of
turkeys with an avirulent strain of turkey hemorrhagic enteritis virus}.
Avian Diseases 53:370--375.}

\bibitem[\citeproctext]{ref-Rautenschlein2000b}
\CSLLeftMargin{11. }%
\CSLRightInline{Rautenschlein S, Suresh M, Sharma JM. 2000.
\href{https://doi.org/10.1007/s007050070083}{Pathogenic avian adenovirus
type II induces apoptosis in turkey spleen cells}. Archives of Virology
145:1671--1683.}

\bibitem[\citeproctext]{ref-Satam2023}
\CSLLeftMargin{12. }%
\CSLRightInline{Satam H, Joshi K, Mangrolia U, Waghoo S, Zaidi G, Rawool
S, Thakare RP, Banday S, Mishra AK, Das G, Malonia SK. 2023.
\href{https://doi.org/10.3390/biology12070997}{Next-generation
sequencing technology: Current trends and advancements}. Biology
12:997.}

\bibitem[\citeproctext]{ref-Pandey2023}
\CSLLeftMargin{13. }%
\CSLRightInline{Pandey D, Onkara Perumal P. 2023.
\href{https://doi.org/10.1007/s10142-023-01064-6}{A scoping review on
deep learning for next-generation RNA-seq. Data analysis}. Functional
\&amp; Integrative Genomics 23.}

\bibitem[\citeproctext]{ref-Wang2019}
\CSLLeftMargin{14. }%
\CSLRightInline{Wang B, Kumar V, Olson A, Ware D. 2019.
\href{https://doi.org/10.3389/fgene.2019.00384}{Reviving the
transcriptome studies: An insight into the emergence of single-molecule
transcriptome sequencing}. Frontiers in Genetics 10.}

\bibitem[\citeproctext]{ref-Choi2016}
\CSLLeftMargin{15. }%
\CSLRightInline{Choi SC. 2016.
\href{https://doi.org/10.1007/s12275-016-6233-2}{On the study of
microbial transcriptomes using second- and third-generation sequencing
technologies}. Journal of Microbiology 54:527--536.}

\bibitem[\citeproctext]{ref-Mo2023}
\CSLLeftMargin{16. }%
\CSLRightInline{Mo Q, Feng K, Dai S, Wu Q, Zhang Z, Ali A, Deng F, Wang
H, Ning Y-J. 2023.
\href{https://doi.org/10.1016/j.virs.2022.09.002}{Transcriptome
profiling highlights regulated biological processes and type III
interferon antiviral responses upon crimean-congo hemorrhagic fever
virus infection}. Virologica Sinica 38:34--46.}

\bibitem[\citeproctext]{ref-Ashburner2000}
\CSLLeftMargin{17. }%
\CSLRightInline{Ashburner M, Ball CA, Blake JA, Botstein D, Butler H,
Cherry JM, Davis AP, Dolinski K, Dwight SS, Eppig JT, Harris MA, Hill
DP, Issel-Tarver L, Kasarskis A, Lewis S, Matese JC, Richardson JE,
Ringwald M, Rubin GM, Sherlock G. 2000.
\href{https://doi.org/10.1038/75556}{Gene ontology: Tool for the
unification of biology}. Nature Genetics 25:25--29.}

\bibitem[\citeproctext]{ref-Kanehisa2000}
\CSLLeftMargin{18. }%
\CSLRightInline{Kanehisa M. 2000.
\href{https://doi.org/10.1093/nar/28.1.27}{KEGG: Kyoto encyclopedia of
genes and genomes}. Nucleic Acids Research 28:27--30.}

\bibitem[\citeproctext]{ref-Pertea2016}
\CSLLeftMargin{19. }%
\CSLRightInline{Pertea M, Kim D, Pertea GM, Leek JT, Salzberg SL. 2016.
\href{https://doi.org/10.1038/nprot.2016.095}{Transcript-level
expression analysis of RNA-seq experiments with HISAT, StringTie and
ballgown}. Nature Protocols 11:1650--1667.}

\bibitem[\citeproctext]{ref-Deseq2}
\CSLLeftMargin{20. }%
\CSLRightInline{Love MI, Huber W, Anders S. 2014.
\href{https://doi.org/10.1186/s13059-014-0550-8}{Moderated estimation of
fold change and dispersion for RNA-seq data with DESeq2}. Genome Biology
15:550.}

\bibitem[\citeproctext]{ref-Sherman2022}
\CSLLeftMargin{21. }%
\CSLRightInline{Sherman BT, Hao M, Qiu J, Jiao X, Baseler MW, Lane HC,
Imamichi T, Chang W. 2022.
\href{https://doi.org/10.1093/nar/gkac194}{DAVID: A web server for
functional enrichment analysis and functional annotation of gene lists
(2021 update)}. Nucleic Acids Research 50:W216--W221.}

\bibitem[\citeproctext]{ref-Gprofiler2}
\CSLLeftMargin{22. }%
\CSLRightInline{Kolberg L, Raudvere U, Kuzmin I, Vilo J, Peterson H.
2020. gprofiler2-- an r package for gene list functional enrichment
analysis and namespace conversion toolset g:profiler. F1000Research 9
(ELIXIR).}

\bibitem[\citeproctext]{ref-Saunders1993}
\CSLLeftMargin{23. }%
\CSLRightInline{Saunders GK, Pierson FW, Hurk JV van den. 1993.
\href{https://doi.org/10.1080/03079459308418899}{Haemorhagic enteritis
virus infection in turkeys: A comparison of virulent and avirulent virus
infections, and a proposed pathogenesis}. Avian Pathology 22:47--58.}

\bibitem[\citeproctext]{ref-Barber2001}
\CSLLeftMargin{24. }%
\CSLRightInline{Barber GN. 2001.
\href{https://doi.org/10.1038/sj.cdd.4400823}{Host defense, viruses and
apoptosis}. Cell Death \&amp; Differentiation 8:113--126.}

\bibitem[\citeproctext]{ref-Hardwick1997}
\CSLLeftMargin{25. }%
\CSLRightInline{Hardwick JM. 1997.
\href{https://doi.org/10.1016/s1054-3589(08)61063-7}{Virus-induced
apoptosis}, p. 295--336. \emph{In} Apoptosls - pharmacological
implications and therapeutic opportunities. Elsevier.}

\bibitem[\citeproctext]{ref-Verburg2022}
\CSLLeftMargin{26. }%
\CSLRightInline{Verburg SG, Lelievre RM, Westerveld MJ, Inkol JM, Sun
YL, Workenhe ST. 2022.
\href{https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.ppat.1010718}{Viral-mediated
activation and inhibition of programmed cell death}. PLOS Pathogens
18:e1010718.}

\bibitem[\citeproctext]{ref-Ezoe1981}
\CSLLeftMargin{27. }%
\CSLRightInline{Ezoe H, Fatt RB, Mak S. 1981.
\href{https://doi.org/10.1128/jvi.40.1.20-27.1981}{Degradation of
intracellular DNA in KB cells infected with cyt mutants of human
adenovirus type 12}. Journal of Virology 40:20--27.}

\bibitem[\citeproctext]{ref-Quaye2024}
\CSLLeftMargin{28. }%
\CSLRightInline{Quaye A, Pickett BE, Griffitts JS, Berges BK, Poole BD.
2024. \href{https://doi.org/10.1186/s12985-024-02449-0}{Characterizing
the splice map of turkey hemorrhagic enteritis virus}. Virology Journal
21.}

\bibitem[\citeproctext]{ref-Roos2006}
\CSLLeftMargin{29. }%
\CSLRightInline{Roos WP, Kaina B. 2006.
\href{https://doi.org/10.1016/j.molmed.2006.07.007}{DNA damage-induced
cell death by apoptosis}. Trends in Molecular Medicine 12:440--450.}

\bibitem[\citeproctext]{ref-Martin1993}
\CSLLeftMargin{30. }%
\CSLRightInline{Martin SJ. 1993.
\href{https://doi.org/10.1016/0165-2478(93)90080-l}{Protein or RNA
synthesis inhibition induces apoptosis of mature human CD4+ t cell
blasts}. Immunology Letters 35:125--134.}

\bibitem[\citeproctext]{ref-Christianson2022}
\CSLLeftMargin{31. }%
\CSLRightInline{Christianson JC, Carvalho P. 2022.
\href{https://doi.org/10.15252/embj.2021109845}{Order through
destruction: How ER‐associated protein degradation contributes to
organelle homeostasis}. The EMBO Journal 41.}

\bibitem[\citeproctext]{ref-Thai2014}
\CSLLeftMargin{32. }%
\CSLRightInline{Thai M, Graham NA, Braas D, Nehil M, Komisopoulou E,
Kurdistani SK, McCormick F, Graeber TG, Christofk HR. 2014.
\href{https://doi.org/10.1016/j.cmet.2014.03.009}{Adenovirus
E4ORF1-induced MYC activation promotes host cell anabolic glucose
metabolism and virus replication}. Cell Metabolism 19:694--701.}

\bibitem[\citeproctext]{ref-Mahsoub2017}
\CSLLeftMargin{33. }%
\CSLRightInline{Mahsoub HM, Evans NP, Beach NM, Yuan L, Zimmerman K,
Pierson FW. 2017.
\href{https://doi.org/10.1016/j.jviromet.2016.11.002}{Real-time
{PCR}-based infectivity assay for the titration of turkey hemorrhagic
enteritis virus, an adenovirus, in live vaccines}. Journal of
Virological Methods 239:42--49.}

\bibitem[\citeproctext]{ref-Snakemake2021}
\CSLLeftMargin{34. }%
\CSLRightInline{Mölder F, Jablonski KP, Letcher B, Hall MB,
Tomkins-Tinch CH, Sochat V, Forster J, Lee S, Twardziok SO, Kanitz A,
Wilm A, Holtgrewe M, Rahmann S, Nahnsen S, Köster J. 2021.
\href{https://doi.org/10.12688/f1000research.29032.2}{Sustainable data
analysis with snakemake}. F1000Research 10:33.}

\bibitem[\citeproctext]{ref-Martin2011}
\CSLLeftMargin{35. }%
\CSLRightInline{Martin M. 2011.
\href{https://doi.org/10.14806/ej.17.1.200}{Cutadapt removes adapter
sequences from high-throughput sequencing reads}. EMBnetjournal 17:10.}

\bibitem[\citeproctext]{ref-ggplot2}
\CSLLeftMargin{36. }%
\CSLRightInline{Wickham H. 2016. ggplot2: Elegant graphics for data
analysis. Springer-Verlag New York.
\url{https://ggplot2.tidyverse.org}.}

\bibitem[\citeproctext]{ref-pheatmap}
\CSLLeftMargin{37. }%
\CSLRightInline{Kolde R. 2019. Pheatmap: Pretty heatmaps.
\url{https://CRAN.R-project.org/package=pheatmap}.}

\bibitem[\citeproctext]{ref-ggvenn}
\CSLLeftMargin{38. }%
\CSLRightInline{Yan L. 2023. Ggvenn: Draw venn diagram by 'ggplot2'.
\url{https://CRAN.R-project.org/package=ggvenn}.}

\end{CSLReferences}

\setlength{\parindent}{0in}
\setlength{\leftskip}{0in}
\newpage

\newpage

\subsection{TABLES AND FIGURES}\label{tables-and-figures}

\begin{figure}
\centering
\pandocbounded{\includegraphics[keepaspectratio]{results/imss_model.png}}
\caption{\textbf{Figure 1: Model of THEV-induced immunosuppression in
turkeys}. THEV infection of target cells is indicated with black dotted
arrows. Black unbroken arrows indicate cell activation. Red arrows
indicated signals leading to apoptosis. Blue arrows indicate all
cytokines released by the cell. Blue arrows with square heads indicated
an event leading to IMS. Adapted from Rautenschlein \emph{et al.} (8).}
\end{figure}

\begin{figure}
\centering
\pandocbounded{\includegraphics[keepaspectratio]{results/r/figures/sample_corr_figure.png}}
\caption{\textbf{Figure 2. (A) Principal component analysis (PCA) of
turkey B-cells during THEV infection.} At 12-hpi \textbf{(A1)},the
results indicate that the first (PC1) and second (PC2) principal
components account for 96\% and 3\% of the variation in the samples,
respectively. Whereas PC1 and PC2 account for 96\% and 2\% of the
variation, respectively at 24-hpi \textbf{(A2)}. \textbf{(B) Poisson
distance matrices illustrating the RNA-seq library integrity within
treatment (infected versus mock) groups}. The color scale represents the
distances between biological replicates for both 12-hpi samples
\textbf{(B1)} and 24-hpi samples \textbf{(B2)}. Dark colors represent
high correlation (similarity) between the samples involved. \textbf{(C)
Volcano plots of DEGs between THEV-infected versus mock-infected cells
at 12- and 24-hpi}. Red, blue, and grey dots represent upregulated,
downregulated, and non-significant genes, respectively for both 12-hpi
samples \textbf{(C1)} and 24-hpi samples \textbf{(C2)}.}
\end{figure}

\begin{figure}
\centering
\pandocbounded{\includegraphics[keepaspectratio]{results/r/figures/deg_patch_fig.png}}
\caption{\textbf{Figure 3: DEGs of THEV-infected versus mock-infected
samples at different time points. (A) Bar plot of number DEGs
identified.} Red represents upregulated genes and blue represents
downregulated genes. \textbf{(B) Heatmaps of scaled expression data
(Z-scores) of DEGs.} DEGs identified at 12-hpi are shown in
\textbf{(B1)} and DEGs at 24-hpi in \textbf{(B2).} \textbf{(C) Venn
diagrams showing the number of DEGs identified at different time
points.} For the upregulated genes \textbf{(C1)}, the red circle
represents genes at 4-hpi, the blue circle, 12-hpi, and the grey circle,
24-hpi. For the downregulated genes \textbf{(C2)}, the green circle
represents genes at 72-hpi, while all the other time points retain the
colors from \textbf{(C1)}.}
\end{figure}

\begin{figure}
\centering
\pandocbounded{\includegraphics[keepaspectratio]{results/r/figures/patch_GO_enrich.png}}
\caption{\textbf{Figure 4: Dotplot of Enriched Gene Ontology Biological
Processes (BP)}. Significant BP GO terms identified for upregulated DEGs
at 12-hpi and 24-hpi are shown in \textbf{(A)} and \textbf{(B)},
respectively. Significant BP GO terms for downregulated DEGs at 12-hpi
and 24-hpi are shown in \textbf{(C)} and \textbf{(D)}, respectively. The
y-axis indicates GO terms and the x-axis represents the rich factor,
which indicates the ratio of the number of DEGs annotated to the term to
the total number of genes annotated to the term. The diameter indicates
the number of genes overlapping the gene ontology term and the color
indicates the enrichment P-value.}
\end{figure}

\newpage

\global\setlength{\Oldarrayrulewidth}{\arrayrulewidth}

\global\setlength{\Oldtabcolsep}{\tabcolsep}

\setlength{\tabcolsep}{2pt}

\renewcommand*{\arraystretch}{1.5}



\providecommand{\ascline}[3]{\noalign{\global\arrayrulewidth #1}\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{#2}\cline{#3}}

\begin{longtable}[c]{|p{0.75in}|p{0.75in}|p{0.75in}|p{0.75in}|p{0.75in}|p{0.75in}|p{0.75in}|p{0.75in}|p{0.75in}}

\caption{Table\ 1:\ Summary\ of\ sequencing,\ quality\ control,\ and\ mapping\ processes}\\

\ascline{1.5pt}{666666}{1-9}

\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textbf{Sample}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textbf{Raw\ Reads}}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textbf{\textsuperscript{M}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textbf{Trimmed\ Reads}}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textbf{\textsuperscript{M}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textbf{Mapped\ Reads}}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textbf{\textsuperscript{M}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textbf{Uniquely\ Mapped\ }}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textbf{\linebreak }}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textbf{Reads}}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textbf{\textsuperscript{M}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textbf{Non-uniquely\ }}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textbf{\linebreak }}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textbf{Mapped\ Reads}}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textbf{\textsuperscript{M}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textbf{Q20\%}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textbf{Q30\%}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textbf{GC}}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textbf{\linebreak }}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textbf{Content\ (\%)}}}} \\

\ascline{1.5pt}{666666}{1-9}\endfirsthead

\ascline{1.5pt}{666666}{1-9}

\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textbf{Sample}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textbf{Raw\ Reads}}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textbf{\textsuperscript{M}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textbf{Trimmed\ Reads}}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textbf{\textsuperscript{M}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textbf{Mapped\ Reads}}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textbf{\textsuperscript{M}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textbf{Uniquely\ Mapped\ }}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textbf{\linebreak }}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textbf{Reads}}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textbf{\textsuperscript{M}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textbf{Non-uniquely\ }}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textbf{\linebreak }}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textbf{Mapped\ Reads}}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textbf{\textsuperscript{M}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textbf{Q20\%}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textbf{Q30\%}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textbf{GC}}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textbf{\linebreak }}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textbf{Content\ (\%)}}}} \\

\ascline{1.5pt}{666666}{1-9}\endhead



\multicolumn{9}{>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 6.75in+16\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textsuperscript{M}}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{All\ values\ for\ number\ of\ reads\ are\ in\ millions}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{;\ }}} \\





\multicolumn{9}{>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 6.75in+16\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textsuperscript{Inf}}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{These\ are\ infected\ samples\ indicated\ by\ the\ letter\ 'I'\ and\ 'S'\ in\ sample\ names}}} \\





\multicolumn{9}{>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 6.75in+16\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textsuperscript{Mk}}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{These\ are\ mock-infected\ samples\ indicated\ by\ the\ letters\ 'U'\ and\ 'N'\ in\ sample\ names}}} \\

\endlastfoot



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{I\_12hrsS1}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textsuperscript{Inf}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{40.6}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{39.0}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{34.7\ (88.92\%)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{33.1\ (84.78\%)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.6\ (4.14\%)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{99.95}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{97.23}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{47.5}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-9}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{I\_12hrsS3}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textsuperscript{Inf}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{38.8}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{37.3}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{33.1\ (88.78\%)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{31.7\ (84.95\%)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.4\ (3.83\%)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{99.95}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{97.53}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{47.5}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-9}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{I\_24hrsS1}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textsuperscript{Inf}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{42.7}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{41.0}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{36.2\ (88.13\%)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{34.5\ (84.2\%)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.6\ (3.93\%)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{99.95}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{96.95}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{46.5}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-9}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{I\_24hrsS2}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textsuperscript{Inf}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{42.0}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{40.4}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{35.6\ (88.1\%)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{33.9\ (83.83\%)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.7\ (4.27\%)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{99.94}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{97.05}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{46.5}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-9}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{I\_24hrsS3}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textsuperscript{Inf}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{40.5}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{38.9}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{34.2\ (88.01\%)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{32.7\ (84.12\%)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.5\ (3.89\%)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{99.95}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{97.08}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{47.0}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-9}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{I\_4hrsS1}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textsuperscript{Inf}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{39.1}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{37.4}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{33\ (88.16\%)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{31.2\ (83.43\%)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.8\ (4.73\%)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{99.93}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{97.04}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{48.5}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-9}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{I\_4hrsS2}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textsuperscript{Inf}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{41.3}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{39.6}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{35.3\ (89.24\%)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{33.6\ (84.92\%)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.7\ (4.33\%)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{99.95}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{97.15}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{47.0}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-9}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{I\_4hrsS3}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textsuperscript{Inf}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{41.5}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{39.8}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{35.5\ (89.2\%)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{33.2\ (83.29\%)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.4\ (5.91\%)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{99.95}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{97.11}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{47.5}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-9}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{I\_72hrsS1}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textsuperscript{Inf}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{41.2}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{39.8}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{28.3\ (71.09\%)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{26.9\ (67.7\%)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.3\ (3.38\%)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{99.96}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{97.23}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{44.5}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-9}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{I\_72hrsS2}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textsuperscript{Inf}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{39.3}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{38.0}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{27\ (71.11\%)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{25.8\ (67.86\%)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.2\ (3.25\%)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{99.96}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{97.34}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{44.5}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-9}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{I\_72hrsS3}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textsuperscript{Inf}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{39.9}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{37.1}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{28.3\ (76.36\%)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{26.1\ (70.3\%)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.2\ (6.05\%)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{99.87}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{96.14}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{52.5}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-9}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{U\_12hrsN1}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textsuperscript{Mk}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{42.1}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{40.4}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{35.9\ (88.72\%)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{34.1\ (84.39\%)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.7\ (4.33\%)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{99.95}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{97.04}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{47.5}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-9}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{U\_12hrsN2}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textsuperscript{Mk}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{41.0}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{39.3}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{34.7\ (88.4\%)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{33.2\ (84.53\%)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.5\ (3.86\%)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{99.94}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{97.08}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{47.5}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-9}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{U\_24hrsN1}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textsuperscript{Mk}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{38.4}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{37.0}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{32.7\ (88.46\%)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{31.4\ (84.74\%)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.4\ (3.72\%)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{99.96}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{97.48}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{47.5}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-9}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{U\_24hrsN2}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textsuperscript{Mk}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{39.9}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{38.4}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{34\ (88.58\%)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{32.6\ (84.96\%)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.4\ (3.61\%)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{99.95}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{96.95}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{47.0}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-9}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{U\_4hrsN1}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textsuperscript{Mk}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{39.4}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{37.9}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{33.7\ (88.9\%)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{32\ (84.41\%)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.7\ (4.49\%)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{99.96}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{97.36}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{47.0}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-9}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{U\_4hrsN2}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textsuperscript{Mk}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{37.6}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{34.7}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{22\ (63.43\%)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{18.5\ (53.18\%)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.6\ (10.25\%)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{99.80}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{94.96}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{61.0}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-9}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{U\_72hrsN1}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textsuperscript{Mk}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{50.3}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{47.9}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{15.5\ (32.4\%)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{11.7\ (24.5\%)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.8\ (7.9\%)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{99.88}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{96.54}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{56.0}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-9}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{U\_72hrsN2}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textsuperscript{Mk}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{40.5}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{38.9}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{34.5\ (88.82\%)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{32.7\ (84.14\%)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.8\ (4.68\%)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{99.95}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{97.04}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{46.5}}} \\

\ascline{1.5pt}{666666}{1-9}



\end{longtable}



\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{000000}

\global\setlength{\arrayrulewidth}{\Oldarrayrulewidth}

\global\setlength{\tabcolsep}{\Oldtabcolsep}

\renewcommand*{\arraystretch}{1}

\global\setlength{\Oldarrayrulewidth}{\arrayrulewidth}

\global\setlength{\Oldtabcolsep}{\tabcolsep}

\setlength{\tabcolsep}{2pt}

\renewcommand*{\arraystretch}{1.5}



\providecommand{\ascline}[3]{\noalign{\global\arrayrulewidth #1}\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{#2}\cline{#3}}

\begin{longtable}[c]{|p{0.75in}|p{3.50in}|p{0.75in}|p{0.75in}|p{0.75in}}

\caption{Table\ 2A:\ Gene\ ontology\ analysis\ of\ Significantly\ Upregulated\ DEGs\ identified\ at\ 12-hpi}\\

\ascline{1.5pt}{666666}{1-5}

\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textbf{GO\ Category}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textbf{GO:Term}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textbf{Fold\ Enrichment}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textbf{Number\ of\ DEGs}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textbf{P-value}}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textbf{\linebreak }}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textbf{(Adjusted)}}}} \\

\ascline{1.5pt}{666666}{1-5}\endfirsthead

\ascline{1.5pt}{666666}{1-5}

\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textbf{GO\ Category}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textbf{GO:Term}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textbf{Fold\ Enrichment}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textbf{Number\ of\ DEGs}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textbf{P-value}}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textbf{\linebreak }}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textbf{(Adjusted)}}}} \\

\ascline{1.5pt}{666666}{1-5}\endhead



\multicolumn{5}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 6.5in+8\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textbf{Biological\ Process}}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{regulation\ of\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.47}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{279}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{6.08e-09}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{regulation\ of\ cellular\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.48}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{252}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.56e-08}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{programmed\ cell\ death}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.85}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{51}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.99e-08}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{cell\ death}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.85}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{51}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.99e-08}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{negative\ regulation\ of\ cellular\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.59}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{174}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.90e-07}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{negative\ regulation\ of\ biological\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.56}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{187}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.90e-07}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{apoptotic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.75}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{47}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{6.09e-07}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{regulation\ of\ macromolecule\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.42}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{248}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{9.05e-07}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{protein\ phosphorylation}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.33}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{61}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{9.07e-07}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{phosphate-containing\ compound\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.63}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{145}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.11e-06}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{phosphorus\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.63}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{146}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.11e-06}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{regulation\ of\ primary\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.40}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{226}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.02e-05}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{secondary\ alcohol\ biosynthetic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{7.67}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{13}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.58e-05}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{regulation\ of\ cellular\ biosynthetic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.41}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{210}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.24e-05}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{sterol\ biosynthetic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{7.24}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{13}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.79e-05}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{regulation\ of\ apoptotic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.15}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{57}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.79e-05}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{protein\ modification\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.55}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{138}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.56e-05}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{regulation\ of\ biosynthetic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.40}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{210}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.56e-05}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{macromolecule\ localization}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.58}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{128}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.56e-05}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{small\ molecule\ biosynthetic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.38}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{45}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.75e-05}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{phytosteroid\ biosynthetic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{12.04}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{9}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.75e-05}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{phytosteroid\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{12.04}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{9}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.75e-05}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{regulation\ of\ macromolecule\ biosynthetic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.39}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{205}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{6.25e-05}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{regulation\ of\ programmed\ cell\ death}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.07}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{57}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{6.77e-05}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{negative\ regulation\ of\ cellular\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.79}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{80}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{9.46e-05}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{regulation\ of\ gene\ expression}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.38}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{201}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.06e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{primary\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.22}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{380}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.08e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{negative\ regulation\ of\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.70}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{91}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.10e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{cellular\ response\ to\ stress}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.77}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{81}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.11e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{phosphorylation}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.80}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{74}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.96e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{alcohol\ biosynthetic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.77}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{19}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.45e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.19}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{426}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.93e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{organonitrogen\ compound\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.29}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{260}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.93e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{protein\ localization}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.58}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{104}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.21e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{regulation\ of\ cellular\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.16}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{473}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.21e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{cellular\ macromolecule\ localization}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.58}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{104}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.21e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{negative\ regulation\ of\ programmed\ cell\ death}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.35}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{37}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.29e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{cellular\ localization}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.45}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{145}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.34e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{positive\ regulation\ of\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.53}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{116}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.34e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{negative\ regulation\ of\ apoptotic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.37}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{36}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.54e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{regulation\ of\ biological\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.15}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{497}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5.83e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{intracellular\ protein\ transport}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.00}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{50}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5.94e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{establishment\ of\ localization\ in\ cell}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.56}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{104}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5.94e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{ergosterol\ biosynthetic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{12.77}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{7}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5.94e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{ergosterol\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{12.77}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{7}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5.94e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{negative\ regulation\ of\ macromolecule\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.66}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{82}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{7.20e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{cholesterol\ biosynthetic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{6.92}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{10}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{7.48e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{apoptotic\ signaling\ pathway}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.32}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{20}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{8.19e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{biological\ regulation}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.14}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{517}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{8.20e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{mitotic\ cell\ cycle\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.14}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{41}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{8.20e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{regulation\ of\ catabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.01}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{47}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{8.20e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{steroid\ biosynthetic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.96}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{16}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{8.52e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{negative\ regulation\ of\ gene\ expression}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.16}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{40}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{8.52e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{cellular\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.23}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{307}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{8.52e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{positive\ regulation\ of\ cellular\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.56}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{98}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{8.52e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{negative\ regulation\ of\ cellular\ biosynthetic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.74}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{68}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{8.52e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{macromolecule\ modification}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.43}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{138}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{9.09e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{positive\ regulation\ of\ apoptotic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.85}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{24}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{9.34e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{negative\ regulation\ of\ biosynthetic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.73}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{68}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.03e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{catabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.51}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{108}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.03e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{protein\ localization\ to\ organelle}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.90}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{52}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.15e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{response\ to\ chemical}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.56}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{95}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.24e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{positive\ regulation\ of\ biological\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.33}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{193}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.29e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{regulation\ of\ nucleobase-containing\ compound\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.36}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{167}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.29e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{cell\ cycle}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.68}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{72}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.34e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{intracellular\ signal\ transduction}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.54}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{97}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.48e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{positive\ regulation\ of\ programmed\ cell\ death}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.74}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{24}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.58e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{mitotic\ cell\ cycle}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.94}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{47}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.70e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{macromolecule\ catabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.76}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{60}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.77e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{positive\ regulation\ of\ cellular\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.34}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{173}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.83e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{sterol\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.86}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{15}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.83e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{lipid\ biosynthetic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.94}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{46}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.94e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{negative\ regulation\ of\ macromolecule\ biosynthetic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.70}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{65}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.25e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{regulation\ of\ response\ to\ stress}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.91}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{46}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.54e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{cellular\ lipid\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.67}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{67}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.03e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{organic\ hydroxy\ compound\ biosynthetic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.93}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{20}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.11e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{cellular\ lipid\ biosynthetic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{9.36}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{7}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.16e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{regulation\ of\ response\ to\ stimulus}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.39}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{137}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.49e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{establishment\ of\ protein\ localization}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.61}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{73}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.79e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{response\ to\ stress}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.44}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{112}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.79e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{nitrogen\ compound\ transport}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.57}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{79}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.15e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{response\ to\ oxygen-containing\ compound}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.90}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{44}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.16e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{process\ utilizing\ autophagic\ mechanism}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.59}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{23}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.43e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{autophagy}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.59}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{23}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.43e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{regulation\ of\ intracellular\ signal\ transduction}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.60}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{73}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.75e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{secondary\ alcohol\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.70}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{14}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.85e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{regulation\ of\ signal\ transduction}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.44}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{110}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.85e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{cell\ cycle\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.70}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{59}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.85e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{regulation\ of\ developmental\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.59}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{73}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.88e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{macroautophagy}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.98}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{18}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5.47e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{response\ to\ lipid}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.41}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{25}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5.91e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{positive\ regulation\ of\ macromolecule\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.46}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{100}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5.97e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{regulation\ of\ RNA\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.34}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{154}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5.97e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{macromolecule\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.21}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{286}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{6.45e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{positive\ regulation\ of\ catabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.30}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{27}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{6.45e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{regulation\ of\ DNA-templated\ transcription}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.35}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{142}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{7.41e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{establishment\ of\ protein\ localization\ to\ organelle}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.04}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{34}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{7.41e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{lipid\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.53}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{79}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{7.41e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{response\ to\ organonitrogen\ compound}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.19}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{29}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{7.59e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{regulation\ of\ RNA\ biosynthetic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.35}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{142}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{7.59e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{endoderm\ development}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{6.42}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{8}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{7.66e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{mRNA\ transcription}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{7.80}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{7}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{7.79e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{regulation\ of\ transcription\ by\ RNA\ polymerase\ II}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.41}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{111}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{7.98e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{cellular\ response\ to\ lipid}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.66}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{20}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{8.44e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{protein\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.27}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{198}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{8.44e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{nuclear-transcribed\ mRNA\ catabolic\ process,\ deadenylation-independent\ decay}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{14.33}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{8.47e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{deadenylation-independent\ decapping\ of\ nuclear-transcribed\ mRNA}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{14.33}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{8.47e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{gland\ development}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.06}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{16}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{9.41e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{vesicle-mediated\ transport}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.51}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{80}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{9.41e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{multicellular\ organismal-level\ homeostasis}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.48}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{22}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{9.41e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{embryonic\ morphogenesis}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.36}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{24}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{9.41e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{regulation\ of\ autophagy}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.61}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{20}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.02e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{intracellular\ transport}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.51}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{79}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.02e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{organophosphate\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.59}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{65}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.09e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{cholesterol\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.76}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{12}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.20e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{small\ molecule\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.44}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{93}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.24e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{regulation\ of\ signaling}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.37}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{121}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.25e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{localization}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.24}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{219}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.25e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{homeostasis\ of\ number\ of\ cells}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.27}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{14}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.27e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{cellular\ response\ to\ oxygen\ levels}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5.02}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{9}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.27e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{intrinsic\ apoptotic\ signaling\ pathway}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.70}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{12}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.31e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{cell\ division}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.20}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{26}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.31e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{regulation\ of\ cell\ communication}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.36}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{120}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.31e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{cellular\ component\ disassembly}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.46}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{21}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.31e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{protein\ transport}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.58}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{62}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.45e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{establishment\ or\ maintenance\ of\ cell\ polarity}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.51}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{20}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.48e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{DNA-templated\ transcription}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.17}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{26}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.53e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{developmental\ growth}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.58}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{19}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.53e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{growth}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.58}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{19}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.53e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{hemopoiesis}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.16}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{26}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.69e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{biological\ process\ involved\ in\ interspecies\ interaction\ between\ organisms}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.80}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{40}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.74e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{negative\ regulation\ of\ intracellular\ signal\ transduction}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.07}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{28}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.78e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{extrinsic\ apoptotic\ signaling\ pathway}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.18}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{10}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.89e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{cellular\ response\ to\ oxygen-containing\ compound}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.92}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{33}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.98e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{regulation\ of\ cellular\ catabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.35}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{21}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.18e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{response\ to\ nitrogen\ compound}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.97}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{30}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.46e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{steroid\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.54}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{18}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.46e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{establishment\ of\ localization}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.24}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{195}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.46e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{cellular\ response\ to\ chemical\ stimulus}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.56}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{60}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.49e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{regulation\ of\ cytokine\ production}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.21}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{23}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.61e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{regulation\ of\ epithelial\ cell\ apoptotic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5.02}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{8}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.79e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{intracellular\ lipid\ transport}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5.02}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{8}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.79e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{cellular\ response\ to\ hypoxia}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5.02}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{8}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.79e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{nuclear\ transport}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.24}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{22}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.79e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{nucleocytoplasmic\ transport}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.24}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{22}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.79e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{positive\ regulation\ of\ signal\ transduction}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.62}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{51}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.85e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{regulation\ of\ phosphate\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.79}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{37}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.89e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{regulation\ of\ phosphorus\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.79}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{37}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.89e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{cellular\ response\ to\ lipopolysaccharide}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.56}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{11}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.92e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{androgen\ receptor\ signaling\ pathway}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{10.03}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.18e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{motor\ neuron\ apoptotic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{10.03}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.18e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{cellular\ response\ to\ decreased\ oxygen\ levels}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.86}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{8}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.18e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{transport}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.24}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{183}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.18e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{purine\ nucleoside\ bisphosphate\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.03}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{13}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.39e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{ribonucleoside\ bisphosphate\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.03}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{13}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.39e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{nucleoside\ bisphosphate\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.03}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{13}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.39e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{appendage\ development}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.20}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{9}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.40e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{limb\ development}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.20}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{9}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.40e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{embryo\ development}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.93}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{29}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.43e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{cellular\ response\ to\ biotic\ stimulus}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.21}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{12}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.47e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{regulation\ of\ leukocyte\ differentiation}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.00}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{13}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.64e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{regulation\ of\ cell\ cycle}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.67}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{43}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.66e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{tissue\ development}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.58}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{51}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.22e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{limb\ morphogenesis}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.59}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{8}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.22e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{appendage\ morphogenesis}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.59}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{8}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.22e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{mitotic\ cell\ cycle\ phase\ transition}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.34}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{11}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.22e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{cellular\ response\ to\ molecule\ of\ bacterial\ origin}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.34}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{11}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.22e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{positive\ regulation\ of\ cell\ communication}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.55}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{55}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.22e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{positive\ regulation\ of\ signaling}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.55}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{55}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.22e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{cellular\ catabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.64}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{44}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.22e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{nucleobase-containing\ compound\ catabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.05}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{24}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.40e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{protein\ catabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.66}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{42}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.40e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{cell\ cycle\ phase\ transition}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.29}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{11}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.63e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{regulation\ of\ cell\ cycle\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.79}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{33}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.65e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{regulation\ of\ anatomical\ structure\ morphogenesis}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.81}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{32}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.74e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{regulation\ of\ mitotic\ cell\ cycle\ phase\ transition}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.34}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{18}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.74e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{positive\ regulation\ of\ cellular\ biosynthetic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.44}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{72}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.95e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{regulation\ of\ protein\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.50}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{59}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.97e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{5}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 6.5in+8\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textbf{Cellular\ Component}}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{intracellular\ anatomical\ structure}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.19}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{774}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{8.23e-20}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{cytoplasm}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.28}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{590}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{7.06e-17}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{intracellular\ membrane-bounded\ organelle}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.29}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{578}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.08e-16}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{membrane-bounded\ organelle}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.26}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{595}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{7.52e-16}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{intracellular\ organelle}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.23}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{655}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{7.52e-16}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{organelle}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.21}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{666}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.49e-14}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{nucleus}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.42}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{371}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.33e-13}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{cytosol}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.69}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{166}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{6.96e-10}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{organelle\ membrane}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.59}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{154}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.53e-07}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{endomembrane\ system}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.48}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{200}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.53e-07}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{nucleoplasm}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.75}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{104}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.57e-06}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{bounding\ membrane\ of\ organelle}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.70}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{92}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.49e-05}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{intracellular\ organelle\ lumen}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.51}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{135}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.91e-05}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{organelle\ lumen}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.51}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{135}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.91e-05}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{membrane-enclosed\ lumen}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.51}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{135}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.91e-05}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{nuclear\ lumen}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.55}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{119}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{6.06e-05}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{cytoplasmic\ vesicle}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.57}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{88}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.12e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{intracellular\ vesicle}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.55}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{88}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.62e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{vesicle}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.51}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{95}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.94e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{endoplasmic\ reticulum}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.54}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{86}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.07e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{perinuclear\ region\ of\ cytoplasm}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.51}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{25}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.11e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{chromatin}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.84}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{40}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{9.58e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{chromosome}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.58}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{63}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.10e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{organelle\ subcompartment}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.56}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{65}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.21e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{endosome}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.69}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{48}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.37e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{Golgi\ apparatus}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.52}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{69}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.40e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{protein-DNA\ complex}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.76}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{42}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.40e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{vesicle\ membrane}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.74}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{43}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.40e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{transcription\ regulator\ complex}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.99}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{30}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.40e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{vacuole}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.82}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{34}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.73e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{phagophore\ assembly\ site}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.73}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{8}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.83e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{spindle}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.04}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{25}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.85e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{cytoplasmic\ vesicle\ membrane}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.69}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{41}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.85e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{endosome\ membrane}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.02}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{25}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.21e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{early\ endosome}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.11}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{22}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.70e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{5}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 6.5in+8\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textbf{Molecular\ Function}}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:MF}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{enzyme\ binding}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.20}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{102}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{8.60e-11}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:MF}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{protein\ binding}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.27}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{427}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{8.52e-08}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:MF}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{protein-macromolecule\ adaptor\ activity}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.98}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{67}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5.57e-05}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:MF}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{molecular\ adaptor\ activity}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.90}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{73}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5.57e-05}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:MF}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{identical\ protein\ binding}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.07}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{54}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.96e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:MF}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{binding}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.09}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{714}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.02e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:MF}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{kinase\ activity}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.58}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{86}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.95e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:MF}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{transferase\ activity,\ transferring\ phosphorus-containing\ groups}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.51}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{96}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5.83e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:MF}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{kinase\ binding}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.14}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{35}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5.83e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:MF}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{phosphotransferase\ activity,\ alcohol\ group\ as\ acceptor}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.59}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{80}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5.83e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:MF}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{DNA-binding\ transcription\ factor\ binding}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.73}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{22}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5.83e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:MF}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{small\ molecule\ binding}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.19}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{338}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5.83e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:MF}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{protein\ domain\ specific\ binding}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.51}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{25}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5.83e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:MF}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{transcription\ factor\ binding}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.38}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{27}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{6.59e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:MF}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{RNA\ polymerase\ II-specific\ DNA-binding\ transcription\ factor\ binding}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.94}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{18}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.05e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:MF}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{ion\ binding}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.19}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{325}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.05e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:MF}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{manganese\ ion\ binding}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5.62}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{9}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.05e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:MF}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{transferase\ activity}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.30}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{176}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.05e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:MF}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{transcription\ coregulator\ activity}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.93}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{38}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.18e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:MF}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{protein\ kinase\ binding}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.10}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{31}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.18e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:MF}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{protein\ kinase\ activity}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.59}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{67}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.20e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:MF}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{enzyme\ regulator\ activity}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.50}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{82}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.38e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:MF}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{nuclear\ androgen\ receptor\ binding}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{12.88}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.83e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:MF}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{protein\ homodimerization\ activity}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.29}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{23}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.51e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:MF}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{ATP\ binding}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.33}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{128}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.71e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:MF}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{adenyl\ ribonucleotide\ binding}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.33}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{130}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.71e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:MF}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{myosin\ phosphatase\ activity}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.64}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{9}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.71e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:MF}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{signaling\ adaptor\ activity}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.44}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{12}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.01e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:MF}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{R-SMAD\ binding}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{10.31}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.03e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:MF}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{protein\ serine/threonine\ kinase\ activity}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.68}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{44}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.27e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:MF}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{purine\ ribonucleoside\ triphosphate\ binding}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.28}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{148}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.38e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:MF}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{adenyl\ nucleotide\ binding}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.30}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{133}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.38e-02}}} \\

\ascline{1.5pt}{666666}{1-5}



\end{longtable}



\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{000000}

\global\setlength{\arrayrulewidth}{\Oldarrayrulewidth}

\global\setlength{\tabcolsep}{\Oldtabcolsep}

\renewcommand*{\arraystretch}{1}

\global\setlength{\Oldarrayrulewidth}{\arrayrulewidth}

\global\setlength{\Oldtabcolsep}{\tabcolsep}

\setlength{\tabcolsep}{2pt}

\renewcommand*{\arraystretch}{1.5}



\providecommand{\ascline}[3]{\noalign{\global\arrayrulewidth #1}\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{#2}\cline{#3}}

\begin{longtable}[c]{|p{0.75in}|p{3.50in}|p{0.75in}|p{0.75in}|p{0.75in}}

\caption{Table\ 2B:\ Gene\ ontology\ analysis\ of\ Significantly\ Downregulated\ DEGs\ identified\ at\ 12-hpi}\\

\ascline{1.5pt}{666666}{1-5}

\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textbf{GO\ Category}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textbf{GO:Term}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textbf{Fold\ Enrichment}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textbf{Number\ of\ DEGs}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textbf{P-value}}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textbf{\linebreak }}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textbf{(Adjusted)}}}} \\

\ascline{1.5pt}{666666}{1-5}\endfirsthead

\ascline{1.5pt}{666666}{1-5}

\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textbf{GO\ Category}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textbf{GO:Term}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textbf{Fold\ Enrichment}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textbf{Number\ of\ DEGs}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textbf{P-value}}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textbf{\linebreak }}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textbf{(Adjusted)}}}} \\

\ascline{1.5pt}{666666}{1-5}\endhead



\multicolumn{5}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 6.5in+8\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textbf{Biological\ Process}}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{gene\ expression}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.07}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{289}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.61e-70}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{macromolecule\ biosynthetic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.69}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{313}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{8.24e-63}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{biosynthetic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.25}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{377}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.04e-57}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{translation}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{6.31}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{110}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{7.08e-55}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{cellular\ biosynthetic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.29}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{329}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.05e-50}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{ribonucleoprotein\ complex\ biogenesis}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5.52}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{108}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.71e-47}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.57}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{618}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{9.00e-47}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{cellular\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.77}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{482}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.42e-45}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{macromolecule\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.79}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{466}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{6.20e-45}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{nucleobase-containing\ compound\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.41}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{276}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{9.74e-45}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{primary\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.63}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{556}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.30e-44}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{nucleic\ acid\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.56}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{226}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.57e-39}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{ribosome\ biogenesis}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5.80}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{86}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.32e-39}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{organonitrogen\ compound\ biosynthetic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.74}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{170}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.69e-32}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{nucleobase-containing\ compound\ biosynthetic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.57}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{178}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.25e-30}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{rRNA\ processing}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5.97}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{62}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.61e-28}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{rRNA\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5.57}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{63}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.00e-27}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{RNA\ processing}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.04}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{120}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{6.65e-26}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{RNA\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.49}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{152}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{6.25e-24}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{nucleic\ acid\ biosynthetic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.57}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{142}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.38e-23}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{RNA\ biosynthetic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.55}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{135}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.64e-22}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{ribosomal\ large\ subunit\ biogenesis}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{8.18}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{34}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{8.01e-20}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{protein-RNA\ complex\ assembly}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5.76}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{40}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.24e-17}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{cytoplasmic\ translation}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{9.15}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{27}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{7.21e-17}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{protein-RNA\ complex\ organization}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5.54}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{40}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.35e-16}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{ribosomal\ small\ subunit\ biogenesis}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{7.36}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{31}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.14e-16}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{DNA\ replication}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.95}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{39}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.28e-14}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{organonitrogen\ compound\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.50}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{331}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.81e-14}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{DNA\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.74}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{82}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.18e-14}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{cellular\ component\ biogenesis}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.83}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{182}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5.57e-14}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{DNA-templated\ DNA\ replication}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5.29}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{33}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{8.34e-13}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{protein\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.52}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{261}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.39e-11}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{ribosome\ assembly}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{8.13}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{20}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{6.51e-11}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{aerobic\ respiration}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5.10}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{29}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.17e-10}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{protein\ folding}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.00}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{35}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{6.76e-10}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{oxidative\ phosphorylation}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{6.29}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{22}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.17e-09}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{protein-containing\ complex\ organization}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.95}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{112}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.17e-09}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{protein-containing\ complex\ assembly}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.19}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{83}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.81e-09}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{cellular\ respiration}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.50}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{29}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.81e-09}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{DNA\ damage\ response}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.35}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{69}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{7.26e-09}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{maturation\ of\ LSU-rRNA}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{8.13}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{16}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.88e-08}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{ATP\ synthesis\ coupled\ electron\ transport}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{6.10}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{18}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.95e-07}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{nucleoside\ triphosphate\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.95}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{27}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.73e-07}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{cellular\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.10}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{827}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.50e-07}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{maturation\ of\ SSU-rRNA}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{6.22}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{17}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.15e-07}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{electron\ transport\ chain}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5.08}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{20}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5.49e-07}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{mitochondrial\ ATP\ synthesis\ coupled\ electron\ transport}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{6.10}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{17}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5.49e-07}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{ribonucleoside\ triphosphate\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.14}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{24}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{8.49e-07}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{generation\ of\ precursor\ metabolites\ and\ energy}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.77}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{40}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.13e-06}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{regulation\ of\ DNA\ replication}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{6.23}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{16}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.18e-06}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{DNA\ repair}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.39}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{51}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.44e-06}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{aerobic\ electron\ transport\ chain}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5.97}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{16}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.15e-06}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{respiratory\ electron\ transport\ chain}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.99}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{18}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.43e-06}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{cellular\ response\ to\ stress}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.79}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{90}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5.95e-06}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{ribosomal\ large\ subunit\ assembly}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{10.16}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{10}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{9.32e-06}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{maturation\ of\ 5.8S\ rRNA}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{6.79}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{13}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.21e-05}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{nucleoside\ triphosphate\ biosynthetic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5.23}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{16}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.41e-05}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{energy\ derivation\ by\ oxidation\ of\ organic\ compounds}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.00}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{30}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.49e-05}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{ATP\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.29}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{19}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.86e-05}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{mitochondrion\ organization}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.51}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{39}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.97e-05}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{purine\ ribonucleoside\ triphosphate\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.88}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{21}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.09e-05}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{mRNA\ processing}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.50}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{39}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.09e-05}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{RNA\ localization}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.69}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{22}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.39e-05}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{regulation\ of\ DNA\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.92}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{30}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.42e-05}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{tRNA\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.81}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{31}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.49e-05}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{mRNA\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.21}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{47}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.07e-05}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{purine\ nucleoside\ triphosphate\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.69}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{21}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.37e-05}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{ribonucleoside\ triphosphate\ biosynthetic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5.45}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{14}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5.12e-05}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{nuclear\ transport}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.79}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{30}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5.99e-05}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{nucleocytoplasmic\ transport}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.79}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{30}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5.99e-05}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{'de\ novo'\ post-translational\ protein\ folding}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{8.31}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{10}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{6.05e-05}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{mitochondrial\ transport}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.47}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{22}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{6.14e-05}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{nucleobase-containing\ small\ molecule\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.04}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{53}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{7.60e-05}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{maturation\ of\ SSU-rRNA\ from\ tricistronic\ rRNA\ transcript\ (SSU-rRNA,\ 5.8S\ rRNA,\ LSU-rRNA)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{6.27}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{12}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{8.09e-05}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{'de\ novo'\ protein\ folding}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{7.95}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{10}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{8.96e-05}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{cellular\ component\ organization\ or\ biogenesis}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.26}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{310}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{9.53e-05}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{nucleoside\ monophosphate\ biosynthetic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5.12}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{14}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{9.79e-05}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{cell\ cycle\ checkpoint\ signaling}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.59}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{20}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.16e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{regulation\ of\ cell\ cycle\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.18}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{44}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.16e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{RNA\ splicing}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.51}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{33}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.35e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{regulation\ of\ cell\ cycle}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.95}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{55}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.68e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{nucleotide\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.10}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{46}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.68e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{translational\ initiation}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5.78}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{12}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.79e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{nucleobase-containing\ compound\ transport}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.22}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{22}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.83e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{mRNA\ splicing,\ via\ spliceosome}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.70}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{28}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.22e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{RNA\ splicing,\ via\ transesterification\ reactions\ with\ bulged\ adenosine\ as\ nucleophile}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.70}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{28}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.22e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{RNA\ splicing,\ via\ transesterification\ reactions}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.70}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{28}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.22e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{nucleotide\ biosynthetic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.53}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{31}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.28e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{protein\ maturation}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.16}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{42}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.32e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{establishment\ of\ RNA\ localization}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.70}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{18}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.32e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{mitochondrial\ transmembrane\ transport}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.70}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{18}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.32e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{nucleic\ acid\ transport}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.70}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{18}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.32e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{RNA\ transport}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.70}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{18}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.32e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{nucleoside\ phosphate\ biosynthetic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.50}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{31}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.80e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{nuclear\ export}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.33}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{20}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.06e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{nucleoside\ monophosphate\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.57}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{14}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.08e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{chaperone\ cofactor-dependent\ protein\ refolding}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{7.84}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{9}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.37e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{regulation\ of\ protein\ stability}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.41}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{19}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.76e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{formation\ of\ cytoplasmic\ translation\ initiation\ complex}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{11.64}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{7}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.80e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{cytoplasmic\ translational\ initiation}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{7.48}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{9}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.85e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{nucleoside\ phosphate\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.00}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{46}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.85e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{protein\ stabilization}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.85}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{16}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.94e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{chromosome\ organization}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.15}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{38}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{6.51e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{DNA\ integrity\ checkpoint\ signaling}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.75}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{16}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{6.72e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{regulation\ of\ cell\ cycle\ phase\ transition}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.42}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{30}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{6.83e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{ribose\ phosphate\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.19}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{36}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{7.72e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{ribonucleoside\ monophosphate\ biosynthetic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.88}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{12}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{8.23e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{small\ molecule\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.50}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{106}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{8.46e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{response\ to\ stress}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.45}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{123}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{9.23e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{proton\ motive\ force-driven\ ATP\ synthesis}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{6.86}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{9}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{9.28e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{mitochondrial\ DNA\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{9.85}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{7}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.15e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{ATP\ biosynthetic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{6.58}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{9}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.26e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{mitochondrial\ electron\ transport,\ NADH\ to\ ubiquinone}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{6.58}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{9}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.26e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{viral\ gene\ expression}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{18.29}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.45e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{chaperone-mediated\ protein\ folding}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5.03}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{11}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.45e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{purine\ ribonucleoside\ triphosphate\ biosynthetic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5.03}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{11}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.45e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{nuclear\ DNA\ replication}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{6.33}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{9}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.67e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{cell\ cycle\ DNA\ replication}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{6.33}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{9}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.67e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{purine\ nucleoside\ triphosphate\ biosynthetic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.91}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{11}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.78e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{DNA\ strand\ elongation\ involved\ in\ DNA\ replication}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{7.32}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{8}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.93e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{ribose\ phosphate\ biosynthetic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.55}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{24}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.07e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{ribonucleoside\ monophosphate\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.39}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{12}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.07e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{ribonucleotide\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.12}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{34}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.14e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{DNA\ strand\ elongation}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{6.97}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{8}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.67e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{ribosomal\ small\ subunit\ assembly}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{8.54}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{7}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.70e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{RNA\ export\ from\ nucleus}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.77}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{13}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.16e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{DNA\ replication\ checkpoint\ signaling}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{6.36}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{8}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5.00e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{import\ into\ the\ mitochondrion}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.92}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{12}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5.82e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{rRNA\ modification}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5.14}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{9}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{7.66e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{positive\ regulation\ of\ signal\ transduction\ by\ p53\ class\ mediator}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{13.06}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{8.24e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GMP\ biosynthetic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{9.15}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{6}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{8.32e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{ribonucleotide\ biosynthetic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.42}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{22}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{8.55e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{protein\ targeting\ to\ mitochondrion}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.66}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{12}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.06e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{establishment\ of\ protein\ localization\ to\ organelle}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.91}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{35}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.13e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{negative\ regulation\ of\ cell\ cycle\ phase\ transition}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.49}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{20}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.22e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{'de\ novo'\ IMP\ biosynthetic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{11.43}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.51e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{non-membrane-bounded\ organelle\ assembly}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.99}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{30}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.66e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{negative\ regulation\ of\ cell\ cycle}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.19}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{24}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.71e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{DNA\ replication\ initiation}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5.23}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{8}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.71e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{XMP\ biosynthetic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{18.29}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.71e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{'de\ novo'\ XMP\ biosynthetic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{18.29}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.71e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{viral\ translation}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{18.29}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.71e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{XMP\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{18.29}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.71e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{negative\ regulation\ of\ DNA\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.43}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{12}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.71e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{AMP\ biosynthetic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{7.84}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{6}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.71e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GMP\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{7.84}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{6}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.71e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{regulation\ of\ DNA-templated\ DNA\ replication}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{7.84}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{6}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.71e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{mitochondrial\ genome\ maintenance}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{6.10}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{7}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.85e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{regulation\ of\ signal\ transduction\ by\ p53\ class\ mediator}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{6.10}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{7}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.85e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{mitotic\ cell\ cycle}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.69}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{45}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.01e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{mitotic\ cell\ cycle\ checkpoint\ signaling}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.13}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{13}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.10e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{positive\ regulation\ of\ translation}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.59}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{11}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.11e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{carbohydrate\ derivative\ biosynthetic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.64}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{49}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.14e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{protein\ import\ into\ nucleus}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.80}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{15}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.20e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{DNA\ geometric\ change}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.33}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{9}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.22e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{'de\ novo'\ AMP\ biosynthetic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{10.16}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.26e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{cellular\ component\ assembly}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.34}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{117}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.26e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{double-strand\ break\ repair\ via\ break-induced\ replication}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{7.32}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{6}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.28e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{immunoglobulin\ production\ involved\ in\ immunoglobulin-mediated\ immune\ response}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5.82}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{7}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.28e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{carbohydrate\ derivative\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.49}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{69}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.28e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{negative\ regulation\ of\ cell\ cycle\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.26}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{21}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.46e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{purine\ ribonucleotide\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.94}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{29}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.52e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{maturation\ of\ LSU-rRNA\ from\ tricistronic\ rRNA\ transcript\ (SSU-rRNA,\ 5.8S\ rRNA,\ LSU-rRNA)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5.57}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{7}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.86e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{regulation\ of\ apoptotic\ signaling\ pathway}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.29}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{20}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.86e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{tRNA\ aminoacylation}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.41}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{11}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.94e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{regulation\ of\ G2/M\ transition\ of\ mitotic\ cell\ cycle}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.41}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{11}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.94e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{protein\ localization\ to\ nucleus}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.49}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{17}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.01e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{import\ into\ nucleus}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.69}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{15}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.01e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{macromolecule\ methylation}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.81}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{14}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.04e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{cell\ cycle}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.47}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{69}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.10e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{regulation\ of\ translation}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.26}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{20}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.13e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{telomere\ maintenance}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.35}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{11}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.13e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{mitochondrial\ DNA\ replication}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{9.15}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.13e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{somatic\ recombination\ of\ immunoglobulin\ genes\ involved\ in\ immune\ response}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{9.15}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.13e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{somatic\ diversification\ of\ immunoglobulins\ involved\ in\ immune\ response}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{9.15}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.13e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{isotype\ switching}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{9.15}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.13e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{positive\ regulation\ of\ gene\ expression}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.74}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{37}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.13e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{NADH\ dehydrogenase\ complex\ assembly}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.57}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{8}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.13e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{mitochondrial\ respiratory\ chain\ complex\ I\ assembly}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.57}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{8}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.13e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{purine\ nucleoside\ monophosphate\ biosynthetic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.57}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{8}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.13e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{purine\ ribonucleoside\ monophosphate\ biosynthetic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.57}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{8}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.13e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{tRNA\ transport}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{14.63}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.24e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{RNA\ modification}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.30}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{19}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.26e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{establishment\ of\ protein\ localization\ to\ mitochondrion}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.09}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{12}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.30e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{DNA\ recombination}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.07}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{23}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.64e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{DNA-templated\ DNA\ replication\ maintenance\ of\ fidelity}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.43}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{8}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.69e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{protein\ targeting}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.11}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{22}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.80e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{amino\ acid\ activation}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.25}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{11}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.83e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{protein\ localization\ to\ mitochondrion}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.01}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{12}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.05e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{telomere\ organization}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.19}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{11}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.28e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{translational\ elongation}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.30}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{8}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.31e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{regulation\ of\ DNA\ strand\ elongation}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{8.31}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.39e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{mitotic\ cell\ cycle\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.71}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{36}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.39e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{purine\ nucleotide\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.76}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{33}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.40e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{regulation\ of\ apoptotic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.58}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{46}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.77e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{mitochondrial\ gene\ expression}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.93}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{12}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.86e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{cell\ cycle\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.50}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{57}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.88e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{organelle\ organization}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.23}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{174}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.94e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{5}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 6.5in+8\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textbf{Cellular\ Component}}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{ribonucleoprotein\ complex}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5.28}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{181}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{7.13e-79}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{ribosome}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{8.45}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{100}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{9.07e-64}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{ribosomal\ subunit}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{9.31}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{90}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{8.18e-62}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{cytosolic\ ribosome}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{10.70}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{69}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.41e-52}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{intracellular\ anatomical\ structure}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.26}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{951}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{6.67e-51}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{membrane-enclosed\ lumen}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.62}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{271}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{6.67e-51}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{intracellular\ organelle\ lumen}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.62}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{271}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{6.67e-51}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{organelle\ lumen}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.62}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{271}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{6.67e-51}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{nucleolus}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.68}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{111}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{8.60e-42}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{intracellular\ organelle}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.33}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{823}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.15e-41}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{protein-containing\ complex}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.73}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{467}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5.00e-40}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{organelle}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.30}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{829}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.21e-37}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{nuclear\ lumen}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.49}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{221}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.84e-37}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{intracellular\ membrane-bounded\ organelle}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.39}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{719}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.65e-36}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{non-membrane-bounded\ organelle}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.85}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{362}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.14e-34}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{intracellular\ non-membrane-bounded\ organelle}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.85}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{361}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.45e-34}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{large\ ribosomal\ subunit}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{8.79}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{52}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.03e-33}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{membrane-bounded\ organelle}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.34}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{729}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.48e-31}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{cytosolic\ large\ ribosomal\ subunit}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{10.51}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{40}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.85e-29}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{mitochondrion}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.46}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{177}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.97e-28}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{cytosol}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.09}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{237}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.82e-28}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{small\ ribosomal\ subunit}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{10.00}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{37}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.59e-26}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{nucleus}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.53}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{462}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.75e-26}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{preribosome}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{8.06}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{43}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{6.98e-26}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{cytosolic\ small\ ribosomal\ subunit}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{12.20}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{29}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.62e-23}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{cytoplasm}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.29}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{685}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{9.10e-22}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{mitochondrial\ protein-containing\ complex}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.57}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{55}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{9.42e-20}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{nuclear\ protein-containing\ complex}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.21}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{137}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.38e-17}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{organelle\ envelope}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.56}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{101}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{8.81e-17}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{small-subunit\ processome}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{8.20}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{26}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.78e-15}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{mitochondrial\ matrix}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.99}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{42}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{9.69e-13}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{nucleoplasm}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.94}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{133}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.47e-12}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{mitochondrial\ envelope}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.71}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{68}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.51e-12}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{mitochondrial\ inner\ membrane}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.34}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{50}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.51e-12}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{organelle\ inner\ membrane}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.14}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{54}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.23e-12}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{90S\ preribosome}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{8.05}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{20}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.61e-11}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{inner\ mitochondrial\ membrane\ protein\ complex}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.50}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{29}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{6.05e-10}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{mitochondrial\ membrane}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.58}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{60}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{8.01e-10}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{chromosome}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.98}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{91}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.20e-08}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{organellar\ ribosome}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5.03}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{21}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5.82e-08}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{mitochondrial\ ribosome}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5.03}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{21}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5.82e-08}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{catalytic\ complex}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.63}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{136}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.38e-07}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{translation\ preinitiation\ complex}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{13.10}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{9}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.03e-06}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{eukaryotic\ 48S\ preinitiation\ complex}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{15.14}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{8}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.98e-06}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{eukaryotic\ translation\ initiation\ factor\ 3\ complex}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{12.17}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{9}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.20e-06}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{protein\ folding\ chaperone\ complex}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{7.33}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{12}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.35e-06}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{eukaryotic\ 43S\ preinitiation\ complex}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{12.62}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{8}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.11e-05}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{preribosome,\ large\ subunit\ precursor}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{8.60}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{10}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.27e-05}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{nuclear\ chromosome}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.03}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{25}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.48e-05}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{spliceosomal\ complex}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.63}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{29}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{8.28e-05}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{replication\ fork}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.82}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{13}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.51e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{mitochondrial\ large\ ribosomal\ subunit}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.73}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{13}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.79e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{organellar\ large\ ribosomal\ subunit}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.73}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{13}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.79e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{nuclear\ envelope}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.30}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{34}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.90e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{oxidoreductase\ complex}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.27}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{14}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.31e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{protein-DNA\ complex}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.89}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{52}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.33e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{U2-type\ spliceosomal\ complex}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.32}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{13}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.48e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{sno(s)RNA-containing\ ribonucleoprotein\ complex}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{7.57}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{8}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{6.08e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{mitochondrial\ proton-transporting\ ATP\ synthase\ complex}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{6.08}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{9}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{8.94e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{proton-transporting\ ATP\ synthase\ complex}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5.87}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{9}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.16e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{Ctf18\ RFC-like\ complex}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{15.77}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.30e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{catalytic\ step\ 2\ spliceosome}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.40}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{14}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.49e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{chaperonin-containing\ T-complex}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{7.36}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{7}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.67e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{mitochondrial\ small\ ribosomal\ subunit}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{6.06}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{8}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.67e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{organellar\ small\ ribosomal\ subunit}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{6.06}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{8}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.67e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{Sm-like\ protein\ family\ complex}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.57}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{13}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.69e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{nuclear\ pore}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.51}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{13}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.05e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{respiratory\ chain\ complex}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5.82}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{8}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.33e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{spliceosomal\ snRNP\ complex}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.86}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{11}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.98e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{mitochondrial\ intermembrane\ space}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.73}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{9}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5.04e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{respirasome}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5.22}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{8}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{6.59e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{small\ nuclear\ ribonucleoprotein\ complex}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.65}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{11}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{7.47e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{organelle\ envelope\ lumen}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.37}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{9}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{8.53e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{endopeptidase\ complex}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.11}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{13}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{8.59e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{spliceosomal\ tri-snRNP\ complex}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.88}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{8}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{9.58e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{proton-transporting\ ATP\ synthase\ complex,\ coupling\ factor\ F(o)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{7.10}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{6}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.05e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{preribosome,\ small\ subunit\ precursor}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{7.10}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{6}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.05e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{peptidase\ complex}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.70}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{15}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.18e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{DNA\ replication\ preinitiation\ complex}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{9.46}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.18e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{eukaryotic\ translation\ initiation\ factor\ 3\ complex,\ eIF3m}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{15.14}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.26e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{U2-type\ prespliceosome}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{6.31}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{6}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.77e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{prespliceosome}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{6.31}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{6}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.77e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{cytochrome\ complex}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5.10}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{7}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.77e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{fibrillar\ center}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.44}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{10}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.94e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{chromatin}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.64}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{41}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.10e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{Arp2/3\ protein\ complex}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{7.89}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.33e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{Ino80\ complex}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{7.89}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.33e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{nuclear\ membrane}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.38}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{16}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.43e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{proton-transporting\ two-sector\ ATPase\ complex}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.26}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{10}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.66e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{INO80-type\ complex}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5.68}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{6}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.68e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{MCM\ complex}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{7.28}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.08e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{organelle\ membrane}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.25}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{140}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.13e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{rough\ endoplasmic\ reticulum}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.88}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{8}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.13e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{mitochondrial\ respirasome}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5.16}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{6}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.92e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{exosome\ (RNase\ complex)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5.16}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{6}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.92e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{mitochondrial\ proton-transporting\ ATP\ synthase\ complex,\ coupling\ factor\ F(o)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{6.76}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.92e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{5}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 6.5in+8\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textbf{Molecular\ Function}}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:MF}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{structural\ constituent\ of\ ribosome}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{9.21}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{88}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5.28e-59}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:MF}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{RNA\ binding}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.20}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{181}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.08e-43}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:MF}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{nucleic\ acid\ binding}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.74}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{292}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.36e-21}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:MF}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{structural\ molecule\ activity}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.69}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{109}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{8.75e-19}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:MF}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{organic\ cyclic\ compound\ binding}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.43}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{438}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.05e-17}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:MF}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{rRNA\ binding}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{7.82}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{21}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{8.21e-11}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:MF}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{translation\ regulator\ activity}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.84}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{29}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{8.60e-10}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:MF}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{snoRNA\ binding}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{10.84}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{14}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{7.89e-09}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:MF}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{translation\ factor\ activity,\ RNA\ binding}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5.36}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{23}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.83e-08}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:MF}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{translation\ regulator\ activity,\ nucleic\ acid\ binding}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.94}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{24}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.61e-08}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:MF}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{unfolded\ protein\ binding}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.65}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{25}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.96e-08}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:MF}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{catalytic\ activity,\ acting\ on\ a\ nucleic\ acid}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.13}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{71}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.41e-07}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:MF}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{identical\ protein\ binding}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.09}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{58}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.05e-05}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:MF}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{translation\ initiation\ factor\ activity}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5.58}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{15}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.21e-05}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:MF}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{ATP-dependent\ protein\ folding\ chaperone}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.92}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{15}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.11e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:MF}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{protein\ folding\ chaperone}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.01}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{17}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.99e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:MF}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{catalytic\ activity,\ acting\ on\ DNA}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.37}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{32}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.02e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:MF}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{mRNA\ binding}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.26}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{35}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.02e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:MF}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{DNA\ helicase\ activity}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.66}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{13}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.02e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:MF}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{catalytic\ activity,\ acting\ on\ RNA}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.07}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{41}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.27e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:MF}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{single-stranded\ DNA\ binding}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.64}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{16}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.61e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:MF}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{hydrolase\ activity,\ acting\ on\ acid\ anhydrides}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.66}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{71}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.87e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:MF}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{ribonucleoprotein\ complex\ binding}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.39}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{17}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.91e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:MF}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{oxidoreductase\ activity,\ acting\ on\ NAD(P)H,\ quinone\ or\ similar\ compound\ as\ acceptor}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{7.74}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{8}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.16e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:MF}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{pyrophosphatase\ activity}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.65}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{70}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.23e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:MF}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{hydrolase\ activity,\ acting\ on\ acid\ anhydrides,\ in\ phosphorus-containing\ anhydrides}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.64}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{70}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.65e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:MF}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{ribosome\ binding}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.99}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{13}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.66e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:MF}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{single-stranded\ DNA\ helicase\ activity}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{7.04}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{8}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.73e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:MF}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{oxidoreductase\ activity,\ acting\ on\ NAD(P)H}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.63}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{11}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.18e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:MF}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{ATP-dependent\ activity,\ acting\ on\ DNA}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.75}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{20}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.94e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:MF}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{helicase\ activity}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.66}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{21}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.94e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:MF}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{catalytic\ activity,\ acting\ on\ a\ tRNA}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.83}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{19}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.94e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:MF}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{translation\ elongation\ factor\ activity}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{7.53}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{7}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{7.78e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:MF}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{NADH\ dehydrogenase\ (ubiquinone)\ activity}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{9.68}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{6}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{7.91e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:MF}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{heat\ shock\ protein\ binding}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.45}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{13}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.17e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:MF}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{protein-folding\ chaperone\ binding}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.45}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{13}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.17e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:MF}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{oxidoreductase\ activity}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.55}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{68}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.17e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:MF}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{proton\ transmembrane\ transporter\ activity}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.79}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{17}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.23e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:MF}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{oxidoreduction-driven\ active\ transmembrane\ transporter\ activity}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{6.77}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{7}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.26e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:MF}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{ribonucleoside\ triphosphate\ phosphatase\ activity}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.57}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{61}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.65e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:MF}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{ATP\ hydrolysis\ activity}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.81}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{38}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.92e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:MF}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{electron\ transfer\ activity}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5.16}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{8}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.07e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:MF}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{isomerase\ activity}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.25}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{21}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.26e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:MF}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{poly(U)\ RNA\ binding}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{9.68}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.33e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:MF}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{nucleotide\ binding}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.24}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{173}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.69e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:MF}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{nucleoside\ phosphate\ binding}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.24}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{173}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.69e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:MF}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{structural\ constituent\ of\ nuclear\ pore}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5.42}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{7}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.82e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:MF}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{heterocyclic\ compound\ binding}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.23}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{180}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.54e-02}}} \\

\ascline{1.5pt}{666666}{1-5}



\end{longtable}



\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{000000}

\global\setlength{\arrayrulewidth}{\Oldarrayrulewidth}

\global\setlength{\tabcolsep}{\Oldtabcolsep}

\renewcommand*{\arraystretch}{1}

\global\setlength{\Oldarrayrulewidth}{\arrayrulewidth}

\global\setlength{\Oldtabcolsep}{\tabcolsep}

\setlength{\tabcolsep}{2pt}

\renewcommand*{\arraystretch}{1.5}



\providecommand{\ascline}[3]{\noalign{\global\arrayrulewidth #1}\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{#2}\cline{#3}}

\begin{longtable}[c]{|p{0.75in}|p{3.50in}|p{0.75in}|p{0.75in}|p{0.75in}}

\caption{Table\ 3A:\ Gene\ ontology\ analysis\ of\ Significantly\ Upregulated\ DEGs\ identified\ at\ 24-hpi}\\

\ascline{1.5pt}{666666}{1-5}

\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textbf{GO\ Category}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textbf{GO:Term}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textbf{Fold\ Enrichment}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textbf{Number\ of\ DEGs}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textbf{P-value}}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textbf{\linebreak }}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textbf{(Adjusted)}}}} \\

\ascline{1.5pt}{666666}{1-5}\endfirsthead

\ascline{1.5pt}{666666}{1-5}

\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textbf{GO\ Category}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textbf{GO:Term}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textbf{Fold\ Enrichment}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textbf{Number\ of\ DEGs}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textbf{P-value}}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textbf{\linebreak }}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textbf{(Adjusted)}}}} \\

\ascline{1.5pt}{666666}{1-5}\endhead



\multicolumn{5}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 6.5in+8\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textbf{Biological\ Process}}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{primary\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.32}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{558}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{9.52e-14}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{protein\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.48}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{313}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.04e-10}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{protein\ modification\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.68}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{202}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.04e-10}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{macromolecule\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.35}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{435}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.22e-10}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{organonitrogen\ compound\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.39}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{381}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.64e-10}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.25}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{609}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.89e-10}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{macromolecule\ modification}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.62}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{212}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.68e-10}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{catabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.71}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{165}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.58e-09}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{secondary\ alcohol\ biosynthetic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{7.40}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{17}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{6.60e-08}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{transport}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.41}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{283}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{9.39e-08}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{establishment\ of\ localization}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.40}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{298}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{9.39e-08}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{sterol\ biosynthetic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{6.99}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{17}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.44e-07}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{macromolecule\ catabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.95}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{90}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5.00e-07}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{localization}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.34}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{322}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{9.94e-07}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{organonitrogen\ compound\ catabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.84}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{100}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.01e-06}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{nitrogen\ compound\ transport}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.73}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{118}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.35e-06}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{protein\ catabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.07}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{71}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.36e-06}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{establishment\ of\ localization\ in\ cell}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.60}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{145}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.78e-06}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{cholesterol\ biosynthetic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{7.14}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{14}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.72e-06}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{regulation\ of\ catabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.09}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{66}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5.48e-06}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{intracellular\ protein\ transport}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.03}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{69}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{6.74e-06}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{cellular\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.25}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{422}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{7.24e-06}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{vesicle-mediated\ transport}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.66}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{119}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{8.14e-06}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{intracellular\ transport}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.66}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{118}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{8.14e-06}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{cellular\ localization}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.44}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{196}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.35e-05}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{ERAD\ pathway}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{6.28}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{14}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.77e-05}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{phytosteroid\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{9.86}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{10}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.77e-05}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{phytosteroid\ biosynthetic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{9.86}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{10}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.77e-05}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{cellular\ response\ to\ stress}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.69}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{105}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.87e-05}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{negative\ regulation\ of\ gene\ expression}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.15}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{54}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.27e-05}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{macromolecule\ localization}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.48}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{162}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.06e-05}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{peptidyl-amino\ acid\ modification}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.40}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{42}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.49e-05}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{heparan\ sulfate\ proteoglycan\ biosynthetic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{7.75}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{11}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5.17e-05}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{proteolysis\ involved\ in\ protein\ catabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.97}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{63}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5.57e-05}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{proteasomal\ protein\ catabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.36}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{42}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{6.24e-05}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{regulation\ of\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.27}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{329}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{6.35e-05}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{protein\ localization}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.51}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{135}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.30e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{cellular\ macromolecule\ localization}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.51}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{135}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.34e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{negative\ regulation\ of\ cellular\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.64}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{99}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.56e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{positive\ regulation\ of\ catabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.38}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{38}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.68e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{steroid\ biosynthetic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.65}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{20}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.68e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{intracellular\ pH\ reduction}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{6.12}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{12}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.68e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{establishment\ of\ protein\ localization}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.63}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{100}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.68e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{negative\ regulation\ of\ cellular\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.37}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{203}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.70e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{response\ to\ endoplasmic\ reticulum\ stress}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.24}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{23}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.76e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{ergosterol\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{10.76}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{8}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.76e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{ergosterol\ biosynthetic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{10.76}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{8}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.76e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{negative\ regulation\ of\ intracellular\ signal\ transduction}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.24}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{41}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.58e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{alcohol\ biosynthetic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.22}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{22}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.23e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{negative\ regulation\ of\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.55}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{112}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.27e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{sterol\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.60}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{19}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.27e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{regulation\ of\ intracellular\ signal\ transduction}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.60}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{99}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.58e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{post-translational\ protein\ modification}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.73}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{75}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.24e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{protein\ modification\ by\ small\ protein\ conjugation\ or\ removal}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.73}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{73}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5.68e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{negative\ regulation\ of\ biological\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.33}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{216}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5.68e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{protein\ phosphorylation}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.80}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{64}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5.84e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{response\ to\ chemical}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.49}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{123}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{6.61e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{response\ to\ stress}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.42}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{149}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{8.20e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{secondary\ alcohol\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.50}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{18}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{8.20e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{protein\ transport}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.62}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{86}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{8.20e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{regulation\ of\ cellular\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.26}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{290}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{8.57e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{cellular\ catabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.76}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{64}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.02e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{vacuolar\ acidification}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{6.16}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{10}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.18e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{cellular\ lipid\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.60}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{87}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.20e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{regulation\ of\ signal\ transduction}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.41}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{146}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.27e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{cholesterol\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.70}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{16}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.34e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{regulation\ of\ protein\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.60}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{85}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.41e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{regulation\ of\ cellular\ pH}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.19}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{19}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.47e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{lipid\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.50}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{105}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.77e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{cellular\ lipid\ biosynthetic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{7.89}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{8}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.81e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{regulation\ of\ response\ to\ stress}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.78}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{58}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.81e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{ubiquitin-dependent\ protein\ catabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.89}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{49}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.89e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{regulation\ of\ cytokine\ production}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.27}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{32}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.03e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{regulation\ of\ protein\ catabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.47}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{27}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.19e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{regulation\ of\ response\ to\ stimulus}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.34}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{179}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.19e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{proteoglycan\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.70}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{15}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.31e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{lipid\ biosynthetic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.77}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{57}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.31e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{positive\ regulation\ of\ biological\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.26}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{249}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.53e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{negative\ regulation\ of\ cellular\ biosynthetic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.57}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{83}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.79e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{regulation\ of\ intracellular\ pH}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.13}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{18}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.85e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{modification-dependent\ protein\ catabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.84}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{49}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.99e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{regulation\ of\ pH}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.99}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{19}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.08e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{modification-dependent\ macromolecule\ catabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.84}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{49}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.12e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{response\ to\ organonitrogen\ compound}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.06}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{37}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.12e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{positive\ regulation\ of\ signal\ transduction}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.64}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{70}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.22e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{negative\ regulation\ of\ biosynthetic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.56}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{83}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.32e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{positive\ regulation\ of\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.38}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{142}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.34e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{peptidyl-threonine\ modification}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5.28}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{10}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.48e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{autophagy}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.33}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{28}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.55e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{process\ utilizing\ autophagic\ mechanism}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.33}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{28}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.55e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{homeostatic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.60}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{73}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.78e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{regulation\ of\ macromolecule\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.22}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{291}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.83e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{protein\ folding}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.40}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{26}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.87e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{steroid\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.50}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{24}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.19e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{proteoglycan\ biosynthetic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.85}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{13}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.99e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{response\ to\ nitrogen\ compound}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.93}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{40}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5.15e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{organic\ hydroxy\ compound\ biosynthetic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.48}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{23}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{6.55e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{proteolysis}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.45}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{101}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{6.55e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{regulation\ of\ proteolysis\ involved\ in\ protein\ catabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.78}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{19}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{6.74e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{vacuolar\ transport}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.47}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{23}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{7.10e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{regulation\ of\ cell\ communication}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.33}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{158}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{7.93e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{establishment\ of\ protein\ localization\ to\ organelle}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.85}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{42}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{7.96e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{negative\ regulation\ of\ macromolecule\ biosynthetic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.53}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{79}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{8.47e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{glycoprotein\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.88}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{40}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{8.79e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{intracellular\ signal\ transduction}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.39}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{119}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{8.90e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{negative\ regulation\ of\ macromolecule\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.45}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{97}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{9.56e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{phosphorus\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.31}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{160}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{9.82e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{regulation\ of\ signaling}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.32}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{158}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.06e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{sulfur\ compound\ biosynthetic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.75}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{18}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.13e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{positive\ regulation\ of\ cell\ communication}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.53}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{74}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.13e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{positive\ regulation\ of\ signaling}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.53}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{74}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.13e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{endocytosis}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.83}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{41}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.20e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{phosphate-containing\ compound\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.31}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{158}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.20e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{regulation\ of\ autophagy}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.31}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{24}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.20e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{positive\ regulation\ of\ cellular\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.24}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{217}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.54e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{regulation\ of\ apoptotic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.62}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{58}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.54e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{carbohydrate\ derivative\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.47}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{84}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.58e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{cellular\ biosynthetic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.24}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{220}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.58e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{response\ to\ topologically\ incorrect\ protein}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.00}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{15}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.61e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{positive\ regulation\ of\ protein\ catabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.64}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{18}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.71e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{biosynthetic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.21}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{252}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.72e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{positive\ regulation\ of\ protein\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.67}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{50}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.78e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{positive\ regulation\ of\ apoptotic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.19}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{25}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.78e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{regulation\ of\ lysosomal\ lumen\ pH}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{8.07}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{6}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.86e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{cytosolic\ transport}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.78}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{16}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.09e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{positive\ regulation\ of\ response\ to\ stimulus}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.43}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{90}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.09e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{regulation\ of\ programmed\ cell\ death}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.58}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{59}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.12e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{morphogenesis\ of\ embryonic\ epithelium}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.70}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{11}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.25e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{small\ molecule\ biosynthetic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.72}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{44}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.28e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{chemical\ homeostasis}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.61}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{54}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.28e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{regulation\ of\ defense\ response}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.88}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{34}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.33e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{embryonic\ morphogenesis}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.03}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{28}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.34e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{lysosomal\ lumen\ acidification}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{10.57}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.34e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{protein\ modification\ by\ small\ protein\ conjugation}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.59}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{56}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.50e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{negative\ regulation\ of\ cytokine\ production}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.15}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{13}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.50e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{cell\ death}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.73}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{42}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.50e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{programmed\ cell\ death}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.73}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{42}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.50e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{intracellular\ monoatomic\ cation\ homeostasis}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.82}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{36}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.50e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{regulation\ of\ primary\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.20}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{262}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.50e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{protein\ modification\ by\ small\ protein\ removal}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.51}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{18}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.60e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{intracellular\ monoatomic\ ion\ homeostasis}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.82}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{36}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.63e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{monoatomic\ ion\ homeostasis}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.75}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{40}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.65e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{sulfur\ compound\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.95}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{30}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.66e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{embryonic\ epithelial\ tube\ formation}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.89}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{10}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.70e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{regulation\ of\ cytoplasmic\ pattern\ recognition\ receptor\ signaling\ pathway}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.89}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{10}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.70e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{positive\ regulation\ of\ programmed\ cell\ death}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.10}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{25}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.71e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{monoatomic\ cation\ homeostasis}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.75}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{39}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.96e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{positive\ regulation\ of\ macromolecule\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.32}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{123}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.22e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{epithelial\ tube\ formation}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.79}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{10}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.22e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{regulation\ of\ cellular\ catabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.07}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{25}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.36e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{tissue\ morphogenesis}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.10}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{24}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.43e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{protein\ ubiquitination}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.60}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{51}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.47e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{protein\ maturation}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.70}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{41}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.55e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{regulation\ of\ proteasomal\ protein\ catabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.60}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{16}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.55e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{positive\ regulation\ of\ intracellular\ signal\ transduction}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.61}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{49}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.55e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{chaperone-mediated\ protein\ folding}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.70}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{10}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.73e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{cellular\ homeostasis}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.64}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{45}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.99e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{macroautophagy}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.32}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{19}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.03e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{neural\ tube\ formation}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.03}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{9}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.08e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{phospholipid\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.71}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{39}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.17e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{protein\ export\ from\ nucleus}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.55}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{8}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.17e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{protein\ localization\ to\ organelle}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.53}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{57}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.32e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{vacuole\ organization}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.24}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{20}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.33e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{protein\ localization\ to\ vacuole}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.76}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{14}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.39e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{vesicle\ organization}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.89}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{29}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.52e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{phosphorylation}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.42}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{79}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.67e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{cellular\ response\ to\ topologically\ incorrect\ protein}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.87}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{13}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.82e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{peptidyl-serine\ modification}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.87}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{13}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.82e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{phospholipid\ biosynthetic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.03}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{24}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.91e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{proteasome-mediated\ ubiquitin-dependent\ protein\ catabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.90}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{28}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.97e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{5}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 6.5in+8\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textbf{Cellular\ Component}}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{cytoplasm}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.30}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{827}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{6.20e-27}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{intracellular\ membrane-bounded\ organelle}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.30}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{805}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.83e-25}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{membrane-bounded\ organelle}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.26}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{822}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.43e-22}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{endomembrane\ system}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.68}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{315}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.99e-20}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{intracellular\ anatomical\ structure}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.16}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1,043}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5.44e-20}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{organelle\ membrane}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.82}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{244}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.57e-19}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{intracellular\ organelle}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.19}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{881}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.20e-16}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{organelle}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.17}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{893}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{9.33e-14}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{endoplasmic\ reticulum}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.88}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{145}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{8.54e-12}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{bounding\ membrane\ of\ organelle}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.89}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{141}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.37e-11}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{cytosol}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.58}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{214}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.32e-10}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{organelle\ subcompartment}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.93}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{111}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.94e-09}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{vacuole}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.48}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{64}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.52e-09}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{lysosome}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.62}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{52}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.58e-08}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{lytic\ vacuole}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.59}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{52}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.79e-08}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{organelle\ lumen}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.53}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{190}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5.31e-08}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{intracellular\ organelle\ lumen}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.53}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{190}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5.31e-08}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{membrane-enclosed\ lumen}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.53}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{190}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5.31e-08}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{endoplasmic\ reticulum\ subcompartment}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.98}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{85}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{9.98e-08}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{nucleoplasm}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.67}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{137}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{9.98e-08}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{endoplasmic\ reticulum\ membrane}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.98}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{84}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.17e-07}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{nuclear\ outer\ membrane-endoplasmic\ reticulum\ membrane\ network}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.94}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{84}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.90e-07}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{nuclear\ lumen}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.55}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{164}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.35e-07}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{cytoplasmic\ vesicle}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.65}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{128}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5.29e-07}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{vacuolar\ membrane}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.73}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{39}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{9.21e-07}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{intracellular\ vesicle}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.63}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{128}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.01e-06}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{nucleus}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.24}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{447}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.08e-06}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{lysosomal\ membrane}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.03}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{32}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.47e-06}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{lytic\ vacuole\ membrane}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.03}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{32}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.47e-06}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{vesicle}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.56}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{136}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.62e-06}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{Golgi\ apparatus}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.68}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{105}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.83e-06}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{vesicle\ membrane}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.94}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{66}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{9.55e-06}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{Golgi\ membrane}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.28}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{45}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.13e-05}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{endosome}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.81}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{71}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.79e-05}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{perinuclear\ region\ of\ cytoplasm}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.47}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{34}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{6.02e-05}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{cytoplasmic\ vesicle\ membrane}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.85}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{62}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{9.07e-05}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{endosome\ membrane}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.16}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{37}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.17e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{coated\ vesicle}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.38}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{26}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.90e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{membrane}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.12}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{612}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.43e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{vacuolar\ proton-transporting\ V-type\ ATPase\ complex}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{6.33}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{8}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.95e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{cation-transporting\ ATPase\ complex}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.14}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{11}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.36e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{ATPase\ dependent\ transmembrane\ transport\ complex}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.96}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{11}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{6.39e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{intracellular\ protein-containing\ complex}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.47}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{79}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.13e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{ATPase\ complex}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.46}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{19}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.18e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{clathrin-coated\ vesicle}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.72}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{16}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.23e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{membrane\ raft}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.69}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{16}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.35e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{membrane\ microdomain}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.66}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{16}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.48e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{early\ endosome}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.94}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{28}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.07e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{Golgi\ cisterna}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.11}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{12}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.23e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{proton-transporting\ V-type\ ATPase\ complex}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.52}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{8}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.23e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{nuclear\ body}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.81}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{33}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.23e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{catalytic\ complex}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.30}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{130}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.23e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{nucleolus}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.62}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{46}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.25e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{endocytic\ vesicle}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.26}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{18}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.61e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{protein-containing\ complex}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.13}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{366}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.13e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{Golgi\ apparatus\ subcompartment}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.83}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{28}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.19e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{5}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 6.5in+8\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textbf{Molecular\ Function}}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:MF}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{enzyme\ binding}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.95}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{120}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.10e-09}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:MF}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{protein\ binding}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.24}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{551}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.61e-08}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:MF}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{identical\ protein\ binding}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.17}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{75}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.02e-07}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:MF}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{misfolded\ protein\ binding}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{7.40}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{10}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{9.76e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:MF}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{catalytic\ activity}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.16}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{522}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.47e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:MF}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{kinase\ binding}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.08}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{45}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.47e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:MF}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{transferase\ activity}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.30}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{233}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.67e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:MF}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{catalytic\ activity,\ acting\ on\ a\ protein}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.28}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{230}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.88e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:MF}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{protein\ kinase\ binding}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.04}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{40}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.88e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:MF}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{acyltransferase\ activity}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.63}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{72}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{7.45e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:MF}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{binding}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.07}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{924}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.02e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:MF}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{manganese\ ion\ binding}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.71}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{10}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.12e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:MF}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{protein\ domain\ specific\ binding}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.12}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{28}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.51e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:MF}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{steroid\ binding}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.20}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{14}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.61e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:MF}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{lipid\ binding}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.57}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{62}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.54e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:MF}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{ubiquitin-like\ protein\ ligase\ binding}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.50}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{19}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.88e-02}}} \\

\ascline{1.5pt}{666666}{1-5}



\end{longtable}



\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{000000}

\global\setlength{\arrayrulewidth}{\Oldarrayrulewidth}

\global\setlength{\tabcolsep}{\Oldtabcolsep}

\renewcommand*{\arraystretch}{1}

\global\setlength{\Oldarrayrulewidth}{\arrayrulewidth}

\global\setlength{\Oldtabcolsep}{\tabcolsep}

\setlength{\tabcolsep}{2pt}

\renewcommand*{\arraystretch}{1.5}



\providecommand{\ascline}[3]{\noalign{\global\arrayrulewidth #1}\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{#2}\cline{#3}}

\begin{longtable}[c]{|p{0.75in}|p{3.50in}|p{0.75in}|p{0.75in}|p{0.75in}}

\caption{Table\ 3B:\ Gene\ ontology\ analysis\ of\ Significantly\ Downregulated\ DEGs\ identified\ at\ 24-hpi}\\

\ascline{1.5pt}{666666}{1-5}

\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textbf{GO\ Category}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textbf{GO:Term}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textbf{Fold\ Enrichment}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textbf{Number\ of\ DEGs}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textbf{P-value}}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textbf{\linebreak }}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textbf{(Adjusted)}}}} \\

\ascline{1.5pt}{666666}{1-5}\endfirsthead

\ascline{1.5pt}{666666}{1-5}

\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textbf{GO\ Category}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textbf{GO:Term}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textbf{Fold\ Enrichment}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textbf{Number\ of\ DEGs}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textbf{P-value}}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textbf{\linebreak }}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textbf{(Adjusted)}}}} \\

\ascline{1.5pt}{666666}{1-5}\endhead



\multicolumn{5}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 6.5in+8\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textbf{Biological\ Process}}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{translation}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5.77}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{136}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.59e-65}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{gene\ expression}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.26}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{288}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.04e-39}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.43}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{761}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.14e-36}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{organonitrogen\ compound\ biosynthetic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.54}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{213}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.45e-35}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{macromolecule\ biosynthetic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.03}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{319}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5.47e-35}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{biosynthetic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.78}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{404}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{6.23e-33}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{cellular\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.55}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{571}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.12e-32}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{nucleobase-containing\ compound\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.99}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{308}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.62e-32}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{primary\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.45}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{670}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5.01e-32}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{cellular\ biosynthetic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.83}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{356}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{7.55e-31}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{macromolecule\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.54}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{540}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.53e-29}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{nucleic\ acid\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.02}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{241}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.92e-25}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{cytoplasmic\ translation}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{8.27}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{33}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.36e-20}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{ribonucleoprotein\ complex\ biogenesis}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.17}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{84}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5.63e-19}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{cell\ cycle}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.28}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{145}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5.63e-19}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{organonitrogen\ compound\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.46}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{436}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.46e-17}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{aerobic\ respiration}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5.33}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{41}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{7.30e-17}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{cell\ cycle\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.35}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{121}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.51e-16}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{cellular\ respiration}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.93}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{43}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.46e-16}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{mitotic\ cell\ cycle}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.64}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{95}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5.25e-16}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{oxidative\ phosphorylation}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{6.34}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{30}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.57e-14}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{protein-containing\ complex\ organization}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.97}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{153}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5.98e-14}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{protein-RNA\ complex\ organization}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.20}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{41}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{8.95e-13}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{mitotic\ cell\ cycle\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.68}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{76}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{9.49e-13}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{protein-RNA\ complex\ assembly}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.26}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{40}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.03e-12}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{electron\ transport\ chain}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5.64}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{30}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.03e-12}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{RNA\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.89}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{156}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.03e-12}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{generation\ of\ precursor\ metabolites\ and\ energy}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.07}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{60}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.49e-12}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{respiratory\ electron\ transport\ chain}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5.74}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{28}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5.17e-12}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{nucleobase-containing\ compound\ biosynthetic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.80}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{168}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{6.72e-12}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{ATP\ synthesis\ coupled\ electron\ transport}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{6.26}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{25}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.40e-11}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{DNA\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.27}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{92}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.37e-11}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{mitochondrial\ ATP\ synthesis\ coupled\ electron\ transport}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{6.37}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{24}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.94e-11}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{energy\ derivation\ by\ oxidation\ of\ organic\ compounds}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.40}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{46}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5.23e-11}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{ribosome\ biogenesis}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.90}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{58}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5.23e-11}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{cellular\ component\ biogenesis}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.61}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{217}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5.62e-11}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{aerobic\ electron\ transport\ chain}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{6.35}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{23}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{9.80e-11}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{protein-containing\ complex\ assembly}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.07}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{106}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.19e-10}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{cellular\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.10}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1,121}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.42e-10}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{protein\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.41}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{327}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{6.60e-10}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{chromosome\ organization}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.47}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{59}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.36e-08}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{nucleic\ acid\ biosynthetic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.75}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{131}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.42e-08}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{amino\ acid\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.61}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{52}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.48e-08}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{DNA\ repair}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.28}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{66}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5.27e-08}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{tRNA\ aminoacylation}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5.04}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{22}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5.27e-08}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{DNA\ replication}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.29}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{35}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{9.38e-08}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{ribosome\ assembly}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5.71}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{19}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{9.60e-08}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{DNA\ damage\ response}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.04}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{81}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.12e-07}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{amino\ acid\ activation}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.80}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{22}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.38e-07}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{regulation\ of\ cell\ cycle}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.05}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{78}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.06e-07}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{RNA\ processing}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.85}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{99}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.56e-07}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{cellular\ response\ to\ stress}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.74}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{118}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.81e-07}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{protein-DNA\ complex\ organization}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.23}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{62}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.95e-07}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{RNA\ biosynthetic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.71}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{122}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.31e-07}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{nucleoside\ triphosphate\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.36}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{31}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5.03e-07}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{tRNA\ aminoacylation\ for\ protein\ translation}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.92}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{20}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5.03e-07}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{nuclear\ division}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.71}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{42}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{6.47e-07}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{cellular\ component\ assembly}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.51}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{179}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{8.36e-07}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{organelle\ organization}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.38}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{265}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{8.36e-07}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{DNA-templated\ DNA\ replication}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.44}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{29}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{8.52e-07}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{chromosome\ segregation}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.49}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{47}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.02e-06}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{non-membrane-bounded\ organelle\ assembly}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.40}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{49}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.65e-06}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{cellular\ component\ organization\ or\ biogenesis}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.25}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{417}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.54e-06}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{ATP\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.84}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{23}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.27e-06}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{regulation\ of\ cell\ cycle\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.13}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{58}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5.99e-06}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{small\ molecule\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.54}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{147}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{7.02e-06}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{cytoplasmic\ translational\ initiation}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{7.38}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{12}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{7.93e-06}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{ribonucleoside\ triphosphate\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.32}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{26}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.07e-05}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{organelle\ fission}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.44}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{42}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.11e-05}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{translational\ initiation}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5.34}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{15}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.59e-05}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{tricarboxylic\ acid\ cycle}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5.34}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{15}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.59e-05}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{nucleoside\ triphosphate\ biosynthetic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.35}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{18}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.11e-05}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{ribosomal\ large\ subunit\ biogenesis}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.74}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{21}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.61e-05}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{purine\ nucleoside\ triphosphate\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.25}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{25}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.63e-05}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{rRNA\ processing}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.56}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{36}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.63e-05}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{rRNA\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.48}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{38}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.68e-05}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{nucleobase-containing\ small\ molecule\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.91}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{67}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.86e-05}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{ribosomal\ small\ subunit\ biogenesis}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.69}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{21}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.07e-05}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{nucleotide\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.00}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{59}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.40e-05}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{nucleoside\ phosphate\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.96}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{61}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.63e-05}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{purine\ ribonucleoside\ triphosphate\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.28}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{24}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.71e-05}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{chromatin\ organization}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.10}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{51}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.41e-05}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{ribose\ phosphate\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.16}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{48}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.64e-05}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{carboxylic\ acid\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.76}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{78}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{6.39e-05}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{protein-DNA\ complex\ assembly}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.28}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{23}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{6.53e-05}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{spindle\ organization}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.62}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{32}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{6.68e-05}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{oxoacid\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.75}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{79}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{6.92e-05}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{regulation\ of\ cell\ cycle\ phase\ transition}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.32}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{39}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{8.76e-05}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{cell\ division}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.28}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{40}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{9.83e-05}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{mRNA\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.95}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{56}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.28e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{mRNA\ processing}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.14}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{45}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.28e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{RNA\ splicing}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.25}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{40}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.31e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{formation\ of\ cytoplasmic\ translation\ initiation\ complex}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{9.84}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{8}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.51e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{RNA\ splicing,\ via\ transesterification\ reactions}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.42}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{34}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.68e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{mRNA\ splicing,\ via\ spliceosome}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.42}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{34}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.68e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{RNA\ splicing,\ via\ transesterification\ reactions\ with\ bulged\ adenosine\ as\ nucleophile}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.42}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{34}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.68e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{meiotic\ cell\ cycle\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.71}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{28}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.68e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{proton\ motive\ force-driven\ ATP\ synthesis}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{6.20}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{11}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.68e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{organic\ acid\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.70}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{80}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.79e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{cell\ cycle\ checkpoint\ signaling}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.05}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{23}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.96e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{nuclear\ chromosome\ segregation}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.47}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{32}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.06e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{microtubule\ cytoskeleton\ organization\ involved\ in\ mitosis}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.67}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{28}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.13e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{ATP\ biosynthetic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5.95}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{11}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.49e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{response\ to\ stress}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.40}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{161}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.57e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{ribonucleotide\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.03}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{44}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5.34e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{tRNA\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.28}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{34}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5.83e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{cellular\ component\ organization}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.20}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{381}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{8.36e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{organelle\ assembly}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.63}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{79}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{8.36e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{meiotic\ nuclear\ division}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.71}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{24}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{8.57e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{translational\ elongation}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.77}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{12}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{8.57e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{meiotic\ cell\ cycle}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.42}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{29}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{8.58e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{L-amino\ acid\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.46}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{28}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{9.12e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{ribonucleoside\ triphosphate\ biosynthetic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.03}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{14}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.00e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{purine\ ribonucleotide\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.03}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{41}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.00e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{purine\ nucleoside\ triphosphate\ biosynthetic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.29}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{13}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.08e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{purine\ nucleotide\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.90}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{48}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.11e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{purine-containing\ compound\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.86}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{50}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.20e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{mitochondrial\ transport}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.68}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{23}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.42e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{mitotic\ spindle\ organization}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.76}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{22}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.43e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{sister\ chromatid\ segregation}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.91}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{20}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.62e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{mitochondrial\ electron\ transport,\ NADH\ to\ ubiquinone}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5.41}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{10}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.70e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{chromatin\ remodeling}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.07}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{37}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.70e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{proteinogenic\ amino\ acid\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.46}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{26}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.73e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{regulation\ of\ mitotic\ cell\ cycle}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.05}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{37}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.99e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{nucleoside\ phosphate\ biosynthetic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.09}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{35}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.32e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{mitotic\ sister\ chromatid\ segregation}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.92}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{19}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.39e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{mitotic\ nuclear\ division}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.82}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{20}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.41e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{mitochondrial\ transmembrane\ transport}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.89}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{19}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.75e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{regulation\ of\ G2/M\ transition\ of\ mitotic\ cell\ cycle}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.44}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{15}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.78e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{mitochondrial\ translation}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.64}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{14}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.78e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{DNA\ recombination}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.13}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{32}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.19e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{fatty\ acid\ beta-oxidation}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.57}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{14}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.37e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{mitochondrial\ gene\ expression}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.07}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{17}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.37e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{double-strand\ break\ repair}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.15}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{31}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.48e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2'-deoxyribonucleotide\ biosynthetic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{7.89}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{7}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.48e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{deoxyribose\ phosphate\ biosynthetic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{7.89}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{7}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.48e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{regulation\ of\ cell\ cycle\ G2/M\ phase\ transition}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.18}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{16}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.60e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{purine\ ribonucleoside\ triphosphate\ biosynthetic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.06}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{12}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.66e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{nucleotide\ biosynthetic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.05}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{34}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.69e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{mitotic\ cell\ cycle\ checkpoint\ signaling}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.03}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{17}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.78e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{regulation\ of\ DNA\ replication}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.74}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{13}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.86e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{protein\ peptidyl-prolyl\ isomerization}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{6.37}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{8}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.90e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{deoxyribonucleotide\ biosynthetic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{6.37}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{8}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.90e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{sexual\ reproduction}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.74}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{51}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.56e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{ribose\ phosphate\ biosynthetic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.20}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{28}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5.00e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{DNA\ integrity\ checkpoint\ signaling}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.95}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{17}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5.00e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{regulation\ of\ mitotic\ cell\ cycle\ phase\ transition}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.28}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{26}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5.00e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{alpha-amino\ acid\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.16}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{29}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5.33e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{negative\ regulation\ of\ cell\ cycle\ phase\ transition}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.30}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{25}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{6.05e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{regulation\ of\ cellular\ response\ to\ stress}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.09}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{30}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{6.75e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{fatty\ acid\ oxidation}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.27}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{14}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{7.85e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{lipid\ oxidation}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.21}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{14}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{9.33e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{negative\ regulation\ of\ cell\ cycle\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.15}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{27}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{9.53e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{purine\ nucleoside\ diphosphate\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.61}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{12}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.02e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{negative\ regulation\ of\ cell\ cycle}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.03}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{30}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.10e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{cell\ cycle\ DNA\ replication}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.68}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{9}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.22e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{nuclear\ DNA\ replication}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.68}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{9}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.22e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{regulation\ of\ chromosome\ segregation}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.10}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{14}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.27e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{ribosomal\ small\ subunit\ assembly}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{6.31}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{7}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.33e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{alpha-amino\ acid\ biosynthetic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.05}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{14}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.48e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{peptidyl-proline\ modification}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.51}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{9}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.58e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{mitochondrion\ organization}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.81}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{38}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.58e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{microtubule-based\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.44}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{85}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.63e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{glycolytic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.63}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{11}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.81e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{regulation\ of\ DNA\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.01}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{28}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.89e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{import\ into\ the\ mitochondrion}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.14}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{13}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.89e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{carbohydrate\ derivative\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.42}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{89}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.91e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{regulation\ of\ apoptotic\ signaling\ pathway}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.11}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{25}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.93e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{centromere\ complex\ assembly}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.92}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{8}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.09e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{ADP\ catabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.54}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{11}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.13e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{regulation\ of\ mitotic\ metaphase/anaphase\ transition}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.87}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{10}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.13e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{proteinogenic\ amino\ acid\ biosynthetic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.09}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{13}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.14e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{L-amino\ acid\ biosynthetic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.09}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{13}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.14e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{cellular\ component\ disassembly}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.06}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{26}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.14e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{nucleoside\ diphosphate\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.91}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{14}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.17e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{formation\ of\ translation\ preinitiation\ complex}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{9.66}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.30e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{positive\ regulation\ of\ signal\ transduction\ by\ p53\ class\ mediator}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{9.66}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.30e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{ribonucleoside\ diphosphate\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.25}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{12}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.30e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{nucleoside\ monophosphate\ biosynthetic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.25}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{12}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.30e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{catabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.30}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{138}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.31e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{pyruvate\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.87}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{14}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.38e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{mitotic\ cell\ cycle\ phase\ transition}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.87}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{14}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.38e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{purine\ nucleoside\ diphosphate\ catabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.46}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{11}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.38e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{ADP\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.46}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{11}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.38e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{purine\ ribonucleoside\ diphosphate\ catabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.46}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{11}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.38e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{pyridine\ nucleotide\ catabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.46}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{11}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.38e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{regulation\ of\ metaphase/anaphase\ transition\ of\ cell\ cycle}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.76}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{10}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.42e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{maturation\ of\ LSU-rRNA}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.76}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{10}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.42e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{double-strand\ break\ repair\ via\ homologous\ recombination}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.29}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{20}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.53e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{regulation\ of\ apoptotic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.53}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{60}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.68e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{cell\ cycle\ phase\ transition}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.83}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{14}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.68e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GMP\ biosynthetic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{6.76}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{6}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.73e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{ribonucleoside\ diphosphate\ catabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.38}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{11}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.75e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{pyridine-containing\ compound\ catabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.38}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{11}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.75e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{purine\ ribonucleoside\ diphosphate\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.38}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{11}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.75e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{ribonucleotide\ biosynthetic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.04}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{25}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.81e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{nucleobase-containing\ compound\ catabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.84}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{32}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.83e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{deoxyribonucleotide\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.51}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{8}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.17e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{cellular\ modified\ amino\ acid\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.19}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{21}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.21e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2'-deoxyribonucleotide\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5.26}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{7}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.23e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{recombinational\ repair}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.24}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{20}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.24e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{purine\ ribonucleotide\ biosynthetic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.09}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{23}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.25e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{mitotic\ DNA\ integrity\ checkpoint\ signaling}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.06}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{12}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.38e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{positive\ regulation\ of\ apoptotic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.00}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{25}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.42e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{peptidyl-amino\ acid\ modification}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.78}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{34}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.42e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{XMP\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{13.53}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.42e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{'de\ novo'\ XMP\ biosynthetic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{13.53}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.42e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{XMP\ biosynthetic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{13.53}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.42e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{mitochondrial\ electron\ transport,\ succinate\ to\ ubiquinone}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{13.53}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.42e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{purine-containing\ compound\ biosynthetic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.93}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{27}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.50e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{'de\ novo'\ IMP\ biosynthetic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{8.46}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.63e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{purine\ nucleotide\ biosynthetic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.95}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{26}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.69e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{tetrahydrofolate\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{6.24}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{6}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.75e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{regulation\ of\ mitotic\ sister\ chromatid\ separation}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.80}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{9}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.04e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{regulation\ of\ translation}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.00}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{24}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.09e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{deoxyribose\ phosphate\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.98}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{7}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.10e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{signal\ transduction\ in\ response\ to\ DNA\ damage}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.54}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{15}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.38e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{macromolecule\ catabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.43}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{72}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.46e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{meiosis\ I\ cell\ cycle\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.43}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{16}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.50e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{regulation\ of\ chromosome\ organization}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.35}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{17}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.54e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{DNA-templated\ DNA\ replication\ maintenance\ of\ fidelity}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.69}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{9}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.84e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{nucleoside\ monophosphate\ metabolic\ process}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.90}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{12}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.90e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:BP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{regulation\ of\ double-strand\ break\ repair}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.90}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{12}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.90e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{5}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 6.5in+8\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textbf{Cellular\ Component}}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{ribosome}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{6.68}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{108}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.42e-59}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{ribonucleoprotein\ complex}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.78}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{177}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5.05e-54}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{ribosomal\ subunit}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{7.04}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{93}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.92e-53}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{cytosolic\ ribosome}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{8.63}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{76}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.32e-52}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{intracellular\ anatomical\ structure}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.23}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1,265}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{8.08e-52}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{intracellular\ organelle}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.29}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1,087}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.05e-42}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{organelle}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.26}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1,100}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{9.05e-39}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{mitochondrion}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.39}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{235}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{6.18e-36}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{non-membrane-bounded\ organelle}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.72}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{460}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.54e-35}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{intracellular\ non-membrane-bounded\ organelle}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.72}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{459}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.71e-35}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{protein-containing\ complex}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.54}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{570}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5.76e-32}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{cytosol}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.95}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{302}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.27e-30}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{cytosolic\ large\ ribosomal\ subunit}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{8.46}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{44}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.02e-29}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{cytoplasm}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.28}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{929}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{7.97e-28}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{membrane-enclosed\ lumen}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.94}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{275}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.97e-27}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{organelle\ lumen}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.94}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{275}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.97e-27}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{intracellular\ organelle\ lumen}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.94}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{275}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.97e-27}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{small\ ribosomal\ subunit}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{8.11}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{41}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.74e-26}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{large\ ribosomal\ subunit}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{6.31}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{51}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.76e-26}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{intracellular\ membrane-bounded\ organelle}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.28}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{905}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.52e-26}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{membrane-bounded\ organelle}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.26}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{933}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{9.54e-25}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{cytosolic\ small\ ribosomal\ subunit}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{9.54}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{31}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.85e-22}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{nuclear\ lumen}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.85}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{224}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{6.28e-19}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{nucleus}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.36}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{561}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.14e-17}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{mitochondrial\ protein-containing\ complex}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.58}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{59}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.73e-16}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{chromosome}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.09}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{131}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.56e-14}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{mitochondrial\ matrix}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.48}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{50}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.42e-13}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{nucleoplasm}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.80}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{169}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.02e-12}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{mitochondrial\ inner\ membrane}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.94}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{60}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.55e-12}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{organelle\ inner\ membrane}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.73}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{64}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.16e-11}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{catalytic\ complex}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.64}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{188}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.31e-10}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{nucleolus}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.34}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{76}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.62e-10}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{inner\ mitochondrial\ membrane\ protein\ complex}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.86}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{34}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.75e-10}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{organelle\ envelope}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.93}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{104}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.99e-09}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{mitochondrial\ envelope}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.13}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{73}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.18e-08}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{mitochondrial\ membrane}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.17}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{69}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.32e-08}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{chromosomal\ region}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.85}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{41}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{6.00e-08}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{chromosome,\ centromeric\ region}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.94}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{34}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{7.34e-07}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{nuclear\ protein-containing\ complex}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.60}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{136}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{7.62e-07}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{condensed\ chromosome}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.77}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{36}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.29e-06}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{mitochondrial\ proton-transporting\ ATP\ synthase\ complex}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{6.43}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{13}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.00e-06}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{oxidoreductase\ complex}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.24}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{19}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.39e-06}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{spindle}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.33}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{45}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.67e-06}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{proton-transporting\ ATP\ synthase\ complex}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{6.21}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{13}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5.94e-06}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{mitochondrial\ small\ ribosomal\ subunit}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{6.65}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{12}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{8.40e-06}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{organellar\ small\ ribosomal\ subunit}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{6.65}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{12}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{8.40e-06}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{organellar\ ribosome}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.68}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{21}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{9.69e-06}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{mitochondrial\ ribosome}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.68}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{21}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{9.69e-06}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{translation\ preinitiation\ complex}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{9.59}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{9}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.15e-05}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{spliceosomal\ complex}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.45}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{37}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.52e-05}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{eukaryotic\ 48S\ preinitiation\ complex}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{11.08}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{8}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.63e-05}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{eukaryotic\ translation\ initiation\ factor\ 3\ complex}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{8.90}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{9}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.36e-05}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{eukaryotic\ 43S\ preinitiation\ complex}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{9.23}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{8}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{9.12e-05}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{kinetochore}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.89}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{24}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.01e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{respiratory\ chain\ complex}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5.86}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{11}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.01e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{cytochrome\ complex}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5.86}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{11}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.01e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{respirasome}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5.25}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{11}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.03e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{condensed\ chromosome,\ centromeric\ region}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.70}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{24}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.03e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{protein-DNA\ complex}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.72}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{65}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.03e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{microtubule\ cytoskeleton}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.48}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{111}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.41e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{U2-type\ spliceosomal\ complex}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.64}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{15}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5.33e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{small\ nuclear\ ribonucleoprotein\ complex}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.64}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{15}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5.33e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{centrosome}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.78}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{55}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5.33e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{proteasome\ core\ complex}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{6.23}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{9}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5.43e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{proton-transporting\ two-sector\ ATPase\ complex}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.58}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{15}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{6.27e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{aminoacyl-tRNA\ synthetase\ multienzyme\ complex}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{8.08}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{7}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.12e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{U4\ snRNP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{10.39}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{6}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.12e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{mitochondrial\ respirasome}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5.66}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{9}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.12e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{spliceosomal\ snRNP\ complex}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.59}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{14}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.12e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{Sm-like\ protein\ family\ complex}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.21}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{16}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.16e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{preribosome}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.74}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{20}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.16e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{chromatin}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.69}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{58}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.18e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{catalytic\ step\ 2\ spliceosome}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.02}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{17}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.37e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{replication\ fork}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.53}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{13}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.44e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{spliceosomal\ tri-snRNP\ complex}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.47}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{10}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.72e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{U2\ snRNP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5.54}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{8}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.72e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{intracellular\ protein-containing\ complex}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.44}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{89}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.68e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{U5\ snRNP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{7.55}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{6}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{6.68e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{pICln-Sm\ protein\ complex}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{9.89}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{8.41e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{respiratory\ chain\ complex\ IV}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5.70}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{7}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{9.06e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{cleavage\ furrow}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.82}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{8}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{9.12e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{Arp2/3\ protein\ complex}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{6.92}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{6}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.02e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{microtubule\ organizing\ center}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.54}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{60}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.02e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{U1\ snRNP}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5.10}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{7}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.67e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{mitochondrial\ proton-transporting\ ATP\ synthase\ complex,\ coupling\ factor\ F(o)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5.93}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{6}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.21e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{U12-type\ spliceosomal\ complex}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.62}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{7}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.88e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{eukaryotic\ translation\ initiation\ factor\ 3\ complex,\ eIF3m}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{11.08}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.24e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{small-subunit\ processome}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.77}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{12}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.26e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{tricarboxylic\ acid\ cycle\ heteromeric\ enzyme\ complex}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{6.92}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.76e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{nuclear\ chromosome}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.95}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{22}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.89e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{proton-transporting\ ATP\ synthase\ complex,\ coupling\ factor\ F(o)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5.19}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{6}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.99e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:CC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{mitotic\ spindle}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.16}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{17}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.58e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{5}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 6.5in+8\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{8}{8}\selectfont{\textbf{Molecular\ Function}}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:MF}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{structural\ constituent\ of\ ribosome}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{7.30}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{95}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.45e-55}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:MF}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{RNA\ binding}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.37}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{182}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{6.82e-26}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:MF}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{structural\ molecule\ activity}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.26}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{125}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.73e-15}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:MF}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{nucleic\ acid\ binding}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.49}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{340}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.94e-13}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:MF}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{organic\ cyclic\ compound\ binding}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.30}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{544}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{9.27e-12}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:MF}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{rRNA\ binding}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{6.56}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{24}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.02e-11}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:MF}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{translation\ regulator\ activity}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.92}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{32}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.15e-08}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:MF}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{translation\ factor\ activity,\ RNA\ binding}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.28}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{25}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.61e-07}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:MF}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{aminoacyl-tRNA\ ligase\ activity}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5.08}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{20}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5.57e-07}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:MF}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{ligase\ activity,\ forming\ carbon-oxygen\ bonds}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5.08}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{20}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5.57e-07}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:MF}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{translation\ regulator\ activity,\ nucleic\ acid\ binding}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.93}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{26}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5.88e-07}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:MF}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{ligase\ activity}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.63}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{45}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{6.96e-07}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:MF}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{catalytic\ activity,\ acting\ on\ a\ nucleic\ acid}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.91}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{87}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{7.53e-07}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:MF}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{catalytic\ activity,\ acting\ on\ a\ tRNA}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.17}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{29}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{8.40e-06}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:MF}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{translation\ initiation\ factor\ activity}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.37}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{16}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.74e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:MF}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{oxidoreductase\ activity}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.61}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{96}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.56e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:MF}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{NAD\ binding}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.78}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{17}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5.51e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:MF}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{identical\ protein\ binding}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.77}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{67}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5.59e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:MF}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{catalytic\ activity,\ acting\ on\ RNA}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.89}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{51}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.40e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:MF}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{electron\ transfer\ activity}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5.21}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{11}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.73e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:MF}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{mRNA\ binding}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.99}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{42}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.32e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:MF}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{catalytic\ activity,\ acting\ on\ DNA}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.07}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{38}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.37e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:MF}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{heterocyclic\ compound\ binding}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.24}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{247}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{8.80e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:MF}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{nucleoside\ phosphate\ binding}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.25}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{236}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{9.04e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:MF}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{nucleotide\ binding}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.25}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{236}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{9.04e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:MF}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{catalytic\ activity}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.13}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{553}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{9.04e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:MF}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{isomerase\ activity}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.20}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{28}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{9.04e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:MF}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{single-stranded\ DNA\ binding}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.84}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{17}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.33e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:MF}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{oxidoreductase\ activity,\ acting\ on\ NAD(P)H}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.71}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{12}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.38e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:MF}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{oxidoreductase\ activity,\ acting\ on\ NAD(P)H,\ quinone\ or\ similar\ compound\ as\ acceptor}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5.69}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{8}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.42e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:MF}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{ATP-dependent\ activity,\ acting\ on\ DNA}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.32}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{23}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.60e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:MF}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{oxidoreductase\ activity,\ acting\ on\ the\ CH-NH\ group\ of\ donors,\ NAD\ or\ NADP\ as\ acceptor}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{6.63}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{7}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.60e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:MF}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{NAD+\ binding}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{6.22}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{7}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.33e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:MF}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{proton\ transmembrane\ transporter\ activity}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.41}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{20}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.45e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:MF}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{binding}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.05}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{999}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.45e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{GO:MF}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{translation\ elongation\ factor\ activity}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5.53}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{7}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.38e-02}}} \\

\ascline{1.5pt}{666666}{1-5}



\end{longtable}



\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{000000}

\global\setlength{\arrayrulewidth}{\Oldarrayrulewidth}

\global\setlength{\tabcolsep}{\Oldtabcolsep}

\renewcommand*{\arraystretch}{1}

\global\setlength{\Oldarrayrulewidth}{\arrayrulewidth}

\global\setlength{\Oldtabcolsep}{\tabcolsep}

\setlength{\tabcolsep}{2pt}

\renewcommand*{\arraystretch}{1.5}



\providecommand{\ascline}[3]{\noalign{\global\arrayrulewidth #1}\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{#2}\cline{#3}}

\begin{longtable}[c]{|p{0.75in}|p{0.75in}|p{2.50in}|p{0.75in}|p{0.75in}|p{0.75in}}

\caption{Table\ 4A:\ Significantly\ Enriched\ KEGG\ Pathways\ from\ DEGs\ identified\ at\ 12\ and\ 24-hpi\ (Results\ from\ the\ DAVID\ online\ resource)}\\

\ascline{1.5pt}{666666}{1-6}

\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textbf{Time\ Point}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textbf{Regulation}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 2.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textbf{KEGG\ Term}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textbf{DEG\ Count}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textbf{Fold\ Enrichment}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textbf{P-value}}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textbf{\linebreak }}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textbf{(Adjusted)}}}} \\

\ascline{1.5pt}{666666}{1-6}\endfirsthead \caption[]{Table\ 4A:\ Significantly\ Enriched\ KEGG\ Pathways\ from\ DEGs\ identified\ at\ 12\ and\ 24-hpi\ (Results\ from\ the\ DAVID\ online\ resource)}\\

\ascline{1.5pt}{666666}{1-6}

\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textbf{Time\ Point}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textbf{Regulation}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 2.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textbf{KEGG\ Term}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textbf{DEG\ Count}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textbf{Fold\ Enrichment}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textbf{P-value}}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textbf{\linebreak }}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textbf{(Adjusted)}}}} \\

\ascline{1.5pt}{666666}{1-6}\endhead



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{12-hpi}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{down}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 2.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{Ribosome}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{80}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{6.68}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.16e-49}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-6}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{12-hpi}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{down}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 2.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{Oxidative\ phosphorylation}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{37}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.22}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.08e-08}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-6}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{12-hpi}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{down}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 2.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{DNA\ replication}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{18}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{6.01}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.09e-08}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-6}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{12-hpi}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{down}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 2.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{Ribosome\ biogenesis\ in\ eukaryotes}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{27}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.03}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.09e-08}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-6}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{12-hpi}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{down}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 2.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{Spliceosome}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{30}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.50}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.25e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-6}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{12-hpi}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{down}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 2.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{Nucleocytoplasmic\ transport}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{22}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.29}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.00e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-6}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{12-hpi}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{down}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 2.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{Base\ excision\ repair}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{13}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.10}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.13e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-6}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{12-hpi}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{down}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 2.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{Mismatch\ repair}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{9}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.29}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.13e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-6}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{12-hpi}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{down}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 2.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{Nucleotide\ excision\ repair}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{14}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.86}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.29e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-6}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{12-hpi}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{up}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 2.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{Steroid\ biosynthesis}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{10}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{6.14}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.65e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-6}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{12-hpi}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{up}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 2.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{Autophagy\ -\ animal}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{29}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.34}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.12e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-6}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{12-hpi}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{up}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 2.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{Cell\ cycle}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{27}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.30}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.90e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-6}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{12-hpi}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{up}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 2.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{Influenza\ A}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{22}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.13}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.74e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-6}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{24-hpi}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{down}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 2.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{Ribosome}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{88}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5.54}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.81e-49}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-6}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{24-hpi}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{down}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 2.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{Oxidative\ phosphorylation}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{50}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.28}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.71e-13}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-6}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{24-hpi}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{down}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 2.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{Carbon\ metabolism}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{39}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.98}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.08e-08}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-6}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{24-hpi}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{down}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 2.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{Aminoacyl-tRNA\ biosynthesis}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{22}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.78}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.10e-06}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-6}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{24-hpi}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{down}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 2.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{Biosynthesis\ of\ amino\ acids}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{24}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.02}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.50e-05}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-6}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{24-hpi}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{down}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 2.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{Citrate\ cycle\ (TCA\ cycle)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{15}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.36}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.50e-05}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-6}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{24-hpi}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{down}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 2.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{DNA\ replication}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{15}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.78}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.93e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-6}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{24-hpi}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{down}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 2.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{Spliceosome}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{33}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.08}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.09e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-6}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{24-hpi}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{down}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 2.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{Metabolic\ pathways}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{225}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.22}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.04e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-6}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{24-hpi}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{down}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 2.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{Cell\ cycle}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{36}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.89}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.04e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-6}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{24-hpi}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{down}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 2.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{Propanoate\ metabolism}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{12}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.24}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{7.53e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-6}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{24-hpi}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{down}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 2.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{Fatty\ acid\ degradation}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{14}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.86}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{7.77e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-6}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{24-hpi}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{down}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 2.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{Glycolysis\ /\ Gluconeogenesis}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{17}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.42}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.19e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-6}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{24-hpi}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{down}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 2.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{One\ carbon\ pool\ by\ folate}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{9}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.78}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.35e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-6}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{24-hpi}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{down}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 2.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{Nucleotide\ excision\ repair}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{15}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.31}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.73e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-6}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{24-hpi}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{down}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 2.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{Pyruvate\ metabolism}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{12}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.59}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.20e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-6}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{24-hpi}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{up}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 2.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{Steroid\ biosynthesis}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{11}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5.15}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.92e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-6}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{24-hpi}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{up}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 2.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{Lysosome}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{29}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.24}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.94e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-6}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{24-hpi}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{up}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 2.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{Terpenoid\ backbone\ biosynthesis}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{9}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.43}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.73e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-6}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{24-hpi}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{up}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 2.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{Glycosaminoglycan\ biosynthesis\ -\ heparan\ sulfate\ /\ heparin}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{10}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.90}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.73e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-6}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{24-hpi}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{up}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 2.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{Protein\ processing\ in\ endoplasmic\ reticulum}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{30}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.94}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.73e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-6}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{24-hpi}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{up}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 2.5in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{Autophagy\ -\ animal}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{30}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.85}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.19e-02}}} \\

\ascline{1.5pt}{666666}{1-6}



\end{longtable}



\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{000000}

\global\setlength{\arrayrulewidth}{\Oldarrayrulewidth}

\global\setlength{\tabcolsep}{\Oldtabcolsep}

\renewcommand*{\arraystretch}{1}

\global\setlength{\Oldarrayrulewidth}{\arrayrulewidth}

\global\setlength{\Oldtabcolsep}{\tabcolsep}

\setlength{\tabcolsep}{2pt}

\renewcommand*{\arraystretch}{1.5}



\providecommand{\ascline}[3]{\noalign{\global\arrayrulewidth #1}\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{#2}\cline{#3}}

\begin{longtable}[c]{|p{0.75in}|p{0.75in}|p{3.00in}|p{0.75in}|p{0.75in}}

\caption{Table\ 4B:\ Significantly\ Enriched\ KEGG\ Pathways\ from\ DEGs\ identified\ at\ 12\ and\ 24-hpi\ (Results\ from\ the\ gprofiler2\ R\ package)}\\

\ascline{1.5pt}{666666}{1-5}

\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textbf{Time\ Point}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textbf{Regulation}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textbf{KEGG\ Term}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textbf{DEG\ Count}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textbf{P-value\ (Adjusted)}}}} \\

\ascline{1.5pt}{666666}{1-5}\endfirsthead \caption[]{Table\ 4B:\ Significantly\ Enriched\ KEGG\ Pathways\ from\ DEGs\ identified\ at\ 12\ and\ 24-hpi\ (Results\ from\ the\ gprofiler2\ R\ package)}\\

\ascline{1.5pt}{666666}{1-5}

\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textbf{Time\ Point}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textbf{Regulation}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textbf{KEGG\ Term}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textbf{DEG\ Count}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{\textbf{P-value\ (Adjusted)}}}} \\

\ascline{1.5pt}{666666}{1-5}\endhead



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{12-hpi}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{down}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{Ribosome}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{35}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{7.70e-24}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{12-hpi}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{down}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{DNA\ replication}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{11}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5.07e-07}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{12-hpi}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{down}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{Oxidative\ phosphorylation}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{19}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.10e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{12-hpi}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{down}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{Base\ excision\ repair}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{9}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.15e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{12-hpi}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{down}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{One\ carbon\ pool\ by\ folate}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{6}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.27e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{12-hpi}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{down}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{Mismatch\ repair}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{6}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.49e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{12-hpi}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{down}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{Ribosome\ biogenesis\ in\ eukaryotes}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{9}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.77e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{12-hpi}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{down}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{Nucleotide\ excision\ repair}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{8}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.36e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{12-hpi}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{up}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{Autophagy\ -\ animal}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{13}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.09e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{24-hpi}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{down}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{Ribosome}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{41}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.71e-28}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{24-hpi}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{down}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{Aminoacyl-tRNA\ biosynthesis}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{12}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.04e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{24-hpi}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{down}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{Oxidative\ phosphorylation}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{22}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{4.35e-04}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{24-hpi}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{down}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{Base\ excision\ repair}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{9}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{1.15e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{24-hpi}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{down}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{Carbon\ metabolism}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{14}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.14e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{24-hpi}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{down}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{Propanoate\ metabolism}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{6}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{3.99e-02}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{24-hpi}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{up}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{Ubiquitin\ mediated\ proteolysis}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{17}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{7.26e-03}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{24-hpi}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{up}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{Steroid\ biosynthesis}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{5}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{6}{6}\selectfont{2.63e-02}}} \\

\ascline{1.5pt}{666666}{1-5}



\end{longtable}



\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{000000}

\global\setlength{\arrayrulewidth}{\Oldarrayrulewidth}

\global\setlength{\tabcolsep}{\Oldtabcolsep}

\renewcommand*{\arraystretch}{1}

\newpage

\subsection{SUPPLEMENTARY
INFORMATION/MATERIALS}\label{supplementary-informationmaterials}

\end{document}
